Chacha: Tengai no Onna 2007, Toei Company, Ltd. OSAKA, 1615 With the castle surrounded, I wonder how our older sister is... But it's too dangerous to cross enemy lines! But Sen is in the castle. They'll break into the castle by dawn, and before that I must save Sen at any cost! My lady, everything is ready. My lady... She may be a sister who shared hardships with you, but now she's married into the Tokugawa, sworn to destroy our Toyotomi clan. I can't imagine why you'd want to see such a woman. Perhaps it's our fate, we three sisters of the Azai clan. Older sister Chacha to the Toyotomi, and youngest sister Ogo to the Tokugawa. Now my two sisters are enemies, fated to be at war with each other. CHACHA: THE PRINCESS OF HEAVEN (Chacha: Tengai no Onna) THE YEAR 1573 ODANI, OMI PROVINCE Chacha! Hatsu... Ogo... Don't worry about a thing. Lord Nobunaga is my older brother. Lady Oichi, I'm Kinoshita Tokichiro. I'm pleased you've returned safely. Well... The princesses have grown up to be sweet girls! Lady Oichi is now approaching! My brother... It's been a while. Oichi greets you. You have returned. First, let's toast my victory. Drink. - What's this...? - Your husband, who betrayed me. The skull of Azai Nagamasa. No! Oichi... You wed Nagamasa and bore three children... I can't forgive this sin! If you want to rejoin the Oda clan, finish that saké, cleanse yourself... And pledge loyalty. I thank you, lord... But I've no wish to return to the Oda. No matter how poor, my children and I would like to settle, and forget all that's happened, somewhere far from war! Argue with me? I can grant you peace, by my own hand. - Decide! - My lord! Lady Oichi worked hard for the Oda, by agreeing to marry Azai. Silence! Chacha! Miss Chacha! I'm Azai Nagamasa's daughter, Chacha is my name. Chacha... I killed your father. I'm hateful? Be honest. You hate me. Do you hate me? Yes, I do! I hate you, Lord Nobunaga... My father who died and left us... And everyone who's here! Wars should disappear from Earth! Everyone, behold! She inherits the Oda blood... Her beauty, her wit... She could be queen of the world one day. I look forward to that! Chacha! But once Lord Nobunaga had the whole nation in his grip, his general Akechi Mitsuhide betrayed him. Oda died at Honno-ji Temple in Kyoto. After Nobunaga's death, two fought to succeed him. KITANOSHO CASTLE, ECHIZEN PROVINCE Shibata Katsuie, mother's second husband, and Hashiba Hideyoshi, formerly the Kinoshita Tokichiro we knew. Our stepfather lost that war, so we three sisters, just like before, were driven from our new castle. Sir Katsuie has committed seppuku. He has left the world before me. I will soon join Sir Katsuie. We're all ready to join you both. You girls must leave the castle! My duty as your mother is ended. My only duty is to him. - We will come with you! - No! If I take you, there will be nothing left. Chacha... Hatsu... Ogo... You must stay. You're my only pride. Mother! Chacha... Take care of Hatsu and Ogo. Mother...! A woman never fights a war she can't win. We must survive. Stay alive. Mother! Release! Hatsu, Ogo... Let's go. We can't leave mother! She'll be all alone. Didn't you listen? The last thing mother said is that she's proud of us! We must decide to live! We became captives of Sir Hideyoshi, in a corner of Azuchi Castle in Omi province. There, a girl named Kiku, was responsible for our care. Yum! River. Valley. Young girls taken prisoner could be playthings, or be sold as prostitutes. Our fear gradually passed and life was calm until... Sir Hideyoshi wanted Ogo, still only ten years old to be married to Sir Saji, of Owari. So, I'll get married. Do you know what a marriage is? You'll make babies! I know it, very well! No, you don't! Ogo! Ogo. Wherever I go, we'll always be sisters, right? Forever and ever, we're sisters! Then, I won't be lonely! I don't want Ogo to leave! I want to stay together forever! Departure! Miss Ogo! Ogo! Ogo! Miss Ogo, if anything bad happens, ask for me. Then Kiku will come and get you. A year later I left to get married to Sir Kyogoku Takatsugu in Omi province. And our elder sister was left alone. Miss Chacha! Miss Chacha! From Miss Ogo. Miss Chacha! Miss Chacha! Miss Chacha! Miss Chacha! You have a visitor. Miss Chacha, I work for Chancellor Toyotomi Hideyoshi, managing internal affairs. My name is Okurakyo-no-Tsubone. I'm here today as envoy to take you to Sir Hideyoshi. You came to get me? Now Sir Hideyoshi has brought the emperor to Jurakudai Palace to show the world his authority, and that nothing is beyond his reach. The only thing he lacks is an heir. Lord Oda Nobunaga called you the woman who'd rule the world as a queen. The regent always talks about that. Miss Chacha, please help fulfil his wish and give birth to his child. Am I going to bear his child? Yes, heir to Chancellor Toyotomi Hideyoshi. I must decline this offer. The chancellor is an enemy of the Azai. Miss Chacha, you're alive today because someone helped you. Please consider this. Miss Chacha, don't you wish to climb the ladder to a place higher than any woman? Once an heir is born, the Toyotomi will be at peace, and as his mother, you'll enjoy fame and fortune. Being his mistress, and bearing his child... I could even succeed in killing him, right? I believe women are made to bring life to this world. RUINS OF ODANI CASTLE, OMI PROVINCE Miss Chacha! Miss Chacha! Some people from Odani are coming to see you! Miss Chacha, we hope you will have many children. JURAKUDAI PALACE, KYOTO Miss Chacha, I've been waiting for you. I'm glad you've decided to come to Jurakudai. I appreciate your greeting. I will guide you. Please... Please, wait here for a few moments. Princess Chacha... Princess Chacha, thank you for waiting. Waiting so long, so long until today... I haven't been waiting. I'm talking to myself... I've been waiting for this day. Remember when Lord Nobunaga predicted you'd be queen of the world? I made up my mind I could wait a hundred years. What is that? Villagers from Odani gave me this. I see. Let's see. Delicious rice. This year's harvest is the best in many years. Farmers must be pleased. Princess Chacha, I'll show you something. This is Osaka Castle, I'm having this built. The outer moat around it is over a mile long, 120 feet wide, 90 feet deep. The inner moat is deeper than that. The walls are made from huge stones, and support dozens of towers and palaces. A seven floor keep, decorated with whales, tigers, and cranes. It can't be destroyed with a thousand cannonballs. Ruling this country is hard, Nobunaga couldn't succeed. I will build a nation of eternal peace. I must have the best heir, an heir like me, to rule. I did, you know... Think over how I would need to welcome you. Women should have homes in all three of their worlds. When they are children, when they marry, and when they grow old. I thought deeply... And decided to build this castle for you and your child. A castle for me and my child? The phoenix is a symbol for the birth of a leader. Princess Chacha, please make my dream come true. The honoured one is here! KITA NO MANDOKORO, OFFICIAL WIFE KITA NO MANDOKORO, OFFICIAL WIFE You're the Princess Chacha? You're the Princess Chacha? I am pleased to meet you. Please take care of my husband, the lord. May I ask you a question? As you wish. Our lord is your enemy. Why didn't you kill him? I want to keep on living. Bear that child, and the world is yours. I would like to have a boy. Chacha... Did you meet my wife and offer her greetings? I thought this castle was for me alone. I... Despite all her denials, she certainly has a good-sized belly. By the look of her, she may have five, even eight babies. That many? Even if she's from the rice fields, all rice plants will droop and rot. - What did you say? - Kiku! I'm so scared! I can't believe such a primitive creature lives in our palace. KYOGOKU TATSUKO, CONCUBINE I can't believe such a primitive creature lives in our palace. OMAH, CONCUBINE I wonder, who brought her? OMAH, CONCUBINE Say, don't you smell something? Say, don't you smell something? Watch your mouth! What're you looking at? What do you mean, stop? Do you like the view, Tsurumatsu? This land, this castle, they all belong to you. Look carefully. I'll make this castle, this town, much bigger. Soon we'll cross the ocean, and the continent will be yours. Tsurumatsu, do you know your mother's the best in Japan? Lord Hideyoshi broke the last great resistance, the Hojo clan of Odawara, and became the ruler in fact as in name. ODAWARA, SAGAMI PROVINCE This victory was only possible with your help, Sir Tokugawa... So I'll grant you the Hojo territory, then you'll control the eight districts of the Kanto region. Give me Kanto region? Does this mean I must move there? Are you unhappy with the idea? More than I deserve. I thank you for your generosity. Kanto is vast. It will be a good opportunity to prove your abilities as a ruler. As you wish, my lord. To aid the beginning of your reign... Kanto region will be secure. He forgets his debt to you... And makes you leave your ancestral lands. That monkey son of a farmer! My lord! I'll recall this pain for all my life. Omah, Tatsuko, sorry for the wait. Chacha... Chacha you are here. What are you doing here? The long war has ended, and you are well and uninjured. I've come to congratulate you. Well, I've won it, for sure. I'm glad you've come to celebrate. Are you worried about anything? No, no. Chacha, what about Tsurumatsu? Is he alright without his mother? No need to worry, your child is thriving at Yodo Castle. Oh, yes... About Miss Omah and Miss Tatsuko. I moved them to Hakone's hot springs resort. Omah gone, Tatsuko gone... I'm not sure I understand. Chacha, I'm glad you've come. Tonight, you and I can relax and drink hot saké. Why don't we take a bath together first? I don't want to scare you if my body smells of blood. Well, it is truly a happy world! When we celebrate happy days, we sing happy tunes! Sing them! Dance, dance, old raccoon dog, if you don't want to dance, let the fowl and the calf eat you and stomp you or push them back, push them back.. Chacha... Chacha. Chacha, what's wrong? What's happened? Chacha? Chacha, tell me! What's wrong? Please tell me! What? Tell me! Tsurumatsu... A sudden illness... He died. It must be a mistake! That letter is wrong! Tell me it's a mistake! Tell me! Please tell me... Say it! Speak! Until I see Tsurumatsu... I won't believe until I see him with my own eyes. I'll go back to Yodo right away. Wait! I know you'll run away! I'm going to my child! Right now! You left my child and killed him! Indispensable heir of Toyotomi, you killed my child! - I won't forgive you! - You think Tsurumatsu is yours alone? - Do you mean that? - Yes! He's heir of the chancellor, Toyotomi Hideyoshi! You dare look that way! Are you not responsible? Aren't you sorry? No, I'm not! I'm only sorry I let him die without holding him in my arms! That's the sin I'll never forgive myself for! Wait, Chacha! Don't run! Wait! Give him back to me! Return my child! Return him to me! Chacha... Won't forgive... I won't forgive... I'll never forgive you! YODO CASTLE Chacha, my sister. It's been too long. It's Ogo. You're such a beautiful woman. Of all the sisters, you look the most like mother. They say you've been here a long time. It's bad for your health. If there's anything I can do, please let me know. Sister... I never knew losing a child could be so hard. I only truly felt that I was his mother after I lost him. How old are your children? My son is four, and my daughter is two. They're so cute when they're young. They must be lonely without their mother. Hatsu came to see me, but I sent her back to her children. You should go back to Owari right away. But... Children shouldn't be parted from their mothers. What do you want? Why say "What do you want?" to your wife? I wasn't able to bear a child for you. So I was excited when Miss Yodo had her child. That woman doesn't appreciate your kindness, or my sorrow. Without a word of apology, she's run off to Yodo Castle! This era of Toyotomi you've worked hard to establish will end with you, if you can't have a child. The only one who can make your wish come true is Lady Yodo. If you're so angry with her... Make up your mind to kill her. Who are you? Thanks to you, Chancellor, I married into the Saji family in Owari. I am Ogo of Azai family. On behalf of my sister, Miss Yodo... My honoured lord, I've come to apologize. Lift up your face. Does Chacha know that you are here? No. So you decided to come on your own? Yes. Tell me why. No matter what her reasons, letting your heir die was a terrible sin. But, without your intervention she will die. That's why I decided to apologize for her. You want me to forgive that woman? Yes. You will die for me if I ask you to? As you wish. And your husband, Saji Yokuro? As you wish. I may kill you. If you will spare my children. Why do you care so much about your sister? My life was saved when I was young. It was Chacha who saved me. So I'm willing to throw away my life and my body for her. Did you say throw away? How arrogant! Are these words you speak to your lord and master? They're the words of the wife of a rural daimyo. Pay no attention to them. But I would like you to say "I forgive your sister." Come here. If I told you to bear my child what would you say? As you wish. Ogo tells me she'd give birth to my child. She says she would give birth to my heir in your place. What's so funny? That sounds like Ogo. Chacha. You don't feel anything? About what? Well... If I forced her to make... If you forced her, she would have killed herself after that. Ogo's that kind of woman. Chacha... Forgive me! Mothers suffer more after losing a child. I understood after speaking to Ogo. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. Chacha, you're the only one I can trust. Please forgive me, and... Please have another child with me. Please give me a child. Please... Another child... For you and me? Hello little one. Well done, Chacha! Well done! My sister brought forth a miracle. She gave birth to the heir they prayed for... Young Lord Toyotomi Hideyori. How happy my sister must have been. Chacha... I wonder how long I'll live. I'd like to live long enough to see him rule the whole country. You don't sound like a great lord. Hideyori would laugh at you. Chacha... I foresee the end of my life. What's bothering you today? Your youngest sister, Ogo... Yes? I'll take her from the Saji in Owari, and marry her to another. That is... Tokugawa Ieyasu's heir, Hidetada. You tell her. No I can't! What? Ogo married as a child, against her will. But she's happy now, with two children. I can't disrupt that happiness after so long. How can I do such a thing? As chancellor, it's my choice. Chacha, where are you going? Kill Ogo, at least! And me, too! I can't just push my own sister into hell! At this time, Ieyasu wouldn't refuse me. If Ogo bears a child with Hidetada, a girl, I promise to marry her to Hideyori. That would forge a bond between the Toyotomi and the Tokugawa. This concerns the fate of the Toyotomi! Sister, how can you say such a thing? It's the retired chancellor's order. But marrying Ogo to the Tokugawa? How can we accept such an order? Ogo has a fine husband and two children. Hatsu, we can't say no to this command. Sister, Ogo risked her life to save you. But now you... In this world, some say the Tokugawa will overthrow the Toyotomi and rule. Your groom, Sir Hidetada is the official heir of the Tokugawa. Then, you may find yourself the official wife of the ruler. This can't be! Ogo, you don't have to listen, no matter what she says. - Let's go home. - It's already too late. Too late? A messenger from the retired chancellor went to Owari, and ordered you removed. Your husband, Saji Yokuro, was terrified, was terrified, and he has disappeared. It can't be! I can't believe this! What do you hope to achieve? The Tokugawa have accepted the marriage. No one can refuse the retired chancellor. What will become of my children? If you go to Kanto now, they will be safe. So my children are hostages... Ogo, I gave birth to the heir to Toyotomi. You'll give birth to the heir of Tokugawa. So even if the Tokugawa fight the Toyotomi, one of us at least, will live. That's our hope in this war. Sister, when did you conceive this awful plan? Demon... You're a demon! Ogo left for Edo, as our sister requested. SPRING, 1598 HIDEYORI IS SIX YEARS OLD Toilet... Have a drink. Sparrows go into the ocean... No one can best our lord. We're relieved to see him so vigorous. Since Young Lord Hideyori was born, The former chancellor is with his Chacha all the time. We never see him, not at all. Right? You laughed at me! - My lord! - You laughed at me, bastards! How dare you laugh, you wretches! Please, my lord! Chacha... Where's Chacha? Chacha! Chacha! Chacha! Chacha, where are you? Chacha! What happened to you? Chacha... Everyone laughs at me. Calls me an upstart. Calls me an ignorant farmer's son. Nobody is laughing at you. Everyone respects and admires you wholeheartedly! They say evil things live in cherry trees. You must have had a nightmare. I see... It's a dream. It's all a nightmare. Chacha. Aren't you hungry? When we were small, mother cooked rice. She always said she was full. She gave us all warm food. I want to pay tribute to her. My brothers won't starve. That's why I've been fighting. I'm not ashamed of being a farmer's boy. You've done great things for your mother and brothers... And for all the people. One day... I'd like a little farm with you and our Hideyori. We'll do that, I'm sure. No, no. I won't let anyone rob me of all that I've accomplished so far. My Chacha... I entrust this to you. Here are promises of loyalty to Hideyori, from Ieyasu and all the daimyo. My Chacha... You're the only one left that I can trust. Please look after Hideyori. Protect Hideyori and my castle. HIDEYOSHI PASSED AWAY THAT YEAR As if Hideyoshi's death was a signal, war broke out between the Tokugawa, and the daimyo who were loyal to the Toyotomi. THE YEAR 1600, SEKIGAHARA This culminated in a final battle, at Sekigahara and Tokugawa Ieyasu became the supreme ruler of Japan. Lord Tokugawa, congratulations on your appointment as shogun, supreme ruler of Japan. Lady Yodo... I haven't forgotten all the benefits the Toyotomi gave us. Lord Tokugawa, I truly appreciate the kindness of the Tokugawa family. Lady Yodo, from now on... I'd like to confide in you. I would truly appreciate that. Lord Tokugawa, in that spirit I'd like to ask a favour. Please ask me anything. There's a promise you made to the retired chancellor, to marry Hideyori to Hidetada's daughter, the young Princess Sen. I'd like to see it come true. What? Marry Princess Sen and Lord Hideyori? With this marriage, the Tokugawa and the Toyotomi would forge a stronger bond, and I could live in peace and contentment the rest of my life. But Princess Sen is five years old. Since Princess Sen is the daughter of my sister Ogo, I would care for her as if she were my own. I can't permit this. But it's your own sister's proposal. I can't bring Sen to Osaka as a hostage! Hostage is an exaggeration. The differences between the Tokugawa and Toyotomi are obvious. We can't have another war. Lady Yodo understands this very well. She will take very good care of Sen. Father-in-law, please promise me. Promise me you'll protect Sen, at any cost! I understand. What's the matter? That same fierce expression. Those sisters are very much alike. Both of them tiring you out, asking you to make promises. Women are so fond of promises. So, let them be. How pitiful. The Toyotomi won't last long. 1615: HIDEYORI IS 23 YEARS OLD For ten years we lived in peace, without war. For ten years we lived in peace, without war. Sir Yukimura. That was very well done. Lord Hideyori... Ieyasu's on the move. Lord Ieyasu, growing stronger these ten years, sent an army to Osaka Castle. The Todo have arrived, and the castle is encircled. MOUNT CHAUSU The Todo have arrived, and the castle is encircled. MOUNT CHAUSU Our forces number 200,000. They have at most 50,000. Our forces number 200,000. They have at most 50,000. And most are prisoners who just eat and sleep. Don't make light of them. The castle was built with unlimited funds by the late Hideyoshi. If we could only seize Osaka Castle without destroying it. This could be... The last war. Fire! PEACE AGREEMENT These are our conditions for a cease-fire. First, withdraw your troops and surrender Osaka Castle. Second, Lady Yodo will move to Edo Castle. If you accept, we'll grant Lord Hideyori a 600,000-koku fief in Yamato. And the Toyotomi will continue to exist. You have three days to respond. Refuse and we will renew our attack on Osaka Castle. What are your thoughts? I represent the Toyotomi vassals, and I say we must accept their conditions. Are you asking us to surrender this castle? They have 200,000 men, and we have 50,000. There's no path to victory. If we surrender, we'll preserve our family, but the dishonour cannot be erased! My lord, even if we hold the castle, we cannot win. The lives of 50,000 allies and commanders who rushed to our aid can't be thrown away! My lord, please! - My lord! - My lord! Be silent! This castle was built by the retired chancellor. What would he have done? Have you even thought of that? We must fight, it's the only way of life for us! My lord, their time will soon be up. Those cowardly vassals... I'm sure they will surrender. Here they come. What's this? Lord Tokugawa Ieyasu, I, Toyotomi Hideyori, will give you our answer! I know your answer already... Just by looking at you. I don't intend to leave Osaka Castle. Lord Tokugawa, did you forget all my husband gave you? Because of his gifts to me... I, Tokugawa Ieyasu, want you to live on in peace. Nonsense! Lady Yodo is back! Lord Hideyori is back! They are back! I speak to all of you! If you don't believe in our victory, go! If you're afraid to die, then go! If all you think about is dying, go! If you believe we will win, and want to live on, fight at my side! This castle is not where we will die! This castle is where we will live! If they'd leave the castle, we could slaughter them easily. This will be more work. Honourable Lady Ogo. My lord, you never had any intention of respecting the truce you offered them! I wanted... I wanted to save Hideyori and Lady Yodo. And Princess Sen... I wanted to bring my sweet granddaughter back to you. But they have spurned all my good intentions. What will become of Sen? What about your promise?! It can't be helped... You'd better forget Sen. You are still young. You can bear many more girls. I'll ask you directly. What can we do to beat them? Already, I have a hidden path, that starts near the south of the castle. Hidden? It's narrow, but our elite can pass through. So, they can strike Ieyasu's base camp? I want Sir Goto to distract our foe as long as he can. I, Goto Mototsugu, will fight as fiercely as possible! Our target is the head of Ieyasu! Yes, Ieyasu's head! There is no other path to victory! Kiku... A fine tune... Strong and resolute. A toast to fortune! Thank you for seeing me. We have little time, please hurry. You've come to an enemy castle alone. You haven't changed. The Tokugawa will attack in force at dawn. Please return Princess Sen! Sister... My sister. Is it Sen? Sen! How have you been? You haven't been ill? Sen, I've come to take you back. You have nothing to fear, your mother's come for you. Your mother will protect you. Mother, I have no intention of leaving this castle. Lord Hideyori and I belong here. You must bear a grudge against me. The mother who let you go, so young. No, I bear no grudge against you. Lord Hideyori takes good care of me. So does Lady Yodo. She always told me the one woman who saved my young life was my mother, Lady Ogo. Mother, it's good to see you. Lord Hideyori... Sen, you should go with your mother. Why? I'm telling you to go. No, I won't! Your mother came just to save you, risking her life to cross a battlefield. Won't you respect her kindness? I won't go. Lord Hideyori, I came to marry you when I was five, and we've been together all this time. This life is all I've ever known. I won't go anywhere if you're not with me! Please let me stay here! Mother... Because you sent me here to marry, I met Lord Hideyori. I must live up to my responsibility as his wife. Princess Sen is no longer your daughter, and she's certainly not my daughter. She is her own woman. I must speak. Your time is up. My lady, you must leave at once. My purpose isn't complete. Sister, please let me take Sen and you, and Lord Hideyori from this castle. I can't leave this castle now. I'm the matriarch of the castle. But it's over! The Toyotomi are defeated. Don't you understand? I won't kneel for that man. I won't turn this castle over to anyone. I will beg Lord Ieyasu with my life in the bargain! Ogo, do you think he cares about your life, or anybody's? Then I will stay in this castle! The matriarch of Tokugawa is leaving. Please make sure she returns safely. Our mother told us to keep on living! You told us to stay alive, too! Goto Mototsugu was killed in the battle. The men of Osaka Castle are deserting one by one. I'm sure they'll surrender by sunset. Who is this? Troops led by Sanada Yukimura! Kill them! Tokugawa Ieyasu! Sanada Saemon-no-suke Yukimura will take your head as proof! Ieyasu, get ready! Fire! My lord! Are you hurt? Princess Sen, where are you going? To the keep, to Lord Hideyori. No, you can't! Lady Yodo's orders. Back behind the walls! - Get back! - I won't! Reporting! The battle's completely lost. The enemy is nearing the keep. And Sir Sanada? What happened to him? Sir Sanada broke through to Ieyasu's base camp, his blade was three inches from Ieyasu, but they shot him down. To my regret, this battle marks the end of the Toyotomi. By the chancellor's blood, we can't be beaten! My lord! Okura... Summon everyone to the keep. Yes. Lord Hideyori! He goes to fight! He goes to fight! Hideyori! Hideyori, don't go! Hideyori! Hideyori! It looks like the end has come. I'm grateful for your years of loyalty. Now, I join the chancellor in the keep. You may leave the castle. The war is over. There's no need for any of you to waste your lives. Lady Yodo what about Princess Sen? What will you do with her? I've kept her safe inside these walls. Soon, Tokugawa soldiers will find her. I'll take care of Princess Sen. I, Okura, will see to it. What do you mean, take care of her? For Lord Hideyori, and all the Toyotomi who died here, I will soothe their souls by sacrificing Princess Sen! What would you accomplish by shedding the blood of that girl? You think the fallen will be satisfied by this? Yes, I do! If we offer the head of the granddaughter of the vile Ieyasu-- The dead have left behind their hatred, would you let it fester in your heart and take it to the other world? I won't forget Lord Hideyori and our sorrow. I have worked for the Toyotomi all my life. I will take the head of Ieyasu's granddaughter as revenge. My days of taking orders from you are over. Wait! Let go! Move! Why don't you move! You must do what I, Lady Okura, order you to! Kiku... Kiku! Take care of Sen. Take this... For Ogo! Okura... Okura! Do you understand... Who destroyed the Toyotomi...? Who... Cease firing now! - Don't destroy the keep! - My lord! Soon, the castle built by the retired chancellor will be yours, my lord. Chacha, you will kneel before me. You'll beg for your life! Sen... Sen! Lady Chacha told me to bring Princess Sen to Lady Ogo safely! Sister... Sister! Are you ready? Hatsu... Ogo? Where are you? Hatsu? Ogo? Mother, where are you? Hatsu? Ogo? Father, Mother, where are you? Where have you gone? Mother? Mother... Chacha. Mother! I have lost... ONE YEAR LATER, TOKUGAWA IEYASU WAS DEAD Sister. Screenplay by: TAKADA Koji Theme Song Performed by: Sowelu