As my grandfather used to say, neither pain nor love is forever. We see that in the animal kingdom. We see that in different ecosystems. You guys wanna know what happened? Okay.. you know already? No gas. Okay. They ask me what I'm doing, so I tell them that I'm making a film, and then they ask me, "What is the film about?" And I tell them, "It's about migrant families, how they move back and forth." And then they tell me, "Wow, that's cool. Is it gonna be a documen. ." I'm like, "I don't really know, I think it is." Ow. Oh my God, your hair's too thick. Since I was a baby with the moving, I never got to actually feel weird, you know? I'm just kind of used to it. Everybody's gone, you know? The season is over. It's too hot for them. I think today, it's gonna be, like, 100 and.. 109? But it gets up to 120. They probably have three, four more houses. So they leave for nice weather. Until, often, until September, the middle of September. That's when we have a new season. But by October, everyone wants.. you know, pretty much everyone is back. I remember my first week from there, I was like, "Wow, I'm driving home from paradise in the desert." You see palm trees and mansions and all these golf.. Two golf courses and lakes in the desert. I'm just like, "Wow." Then you drive outside the gate and I'm driving home, and I'm like, "It's the Coachella Valley." In the space of nine cities and a couple hundred square miles, we have ZIP codes that enjoy or don't enjoy the highest per capita income in the state and also the lowest. Even in the rural eastern region, there are all of these projects that almost laugh in the face of the residents that live out there. And one example is a luxurious racetrack with condos around it in the backyard of the K-12 school that serves all the farmworkers' children. The residents around Mecca, they are the working poor. It's a community that comes and goes. They move for the harvest. Then, in here.. Let there be light. Oh yeah, there's light. This is actually the first thrift store in Mecca, and they call it the Walmart of Mecca. The furniture and everything is, for example, if people need it, we give it free. It's not like we sell it to them. I think that's why God blessed us so much, because we give so much away. So, things come in. Hopefully, we find something like Picasso. I never have found something like that, but maybe someday, somebody will donate something like that for us. I was born in a little village in Mexico in a little mud house. I came when I was seven years old, and I start working in the fields. I was a farmworker with my parents. It was 1989 when Gloria and I met, and through that friendship, we shared our desires of becoming religious sisters. Through that commitment, we started Galilee Center. I don't pretend that Galilee Center can be the solution to all the problems in the community, but there's so much to do, there's so much room to grow. I have been coming here since I was 25 years old. I've been coming here for 40 years. Oh! When I first came, it was strictly as a vacationer, for maybe a week or two-week stints. Now I'm here as a winter resident, or a snowbird, more affectionately known. My housekeepers always ate quietly on the back steps by the garage. Never wanted to come in the house or even on the patio. I said, "How 'bout I fix you lunch?" "Oh no, we couldn't do that. It'd be way too embarrassing." And I said, "Why?" So I started setting the table. And she said, when they go home, dinner for them is a hot dog, 'cause that's all they've got the energy to put forth. And they also said that it's the best meal they have all week, you know, which, now the heat's on me to produce something better. Whether you're an author or an artist, you write about or draw or paint what you know, what you see, what's important to you. An image that I can never get out of my head is probably best exemplified in that painting. I'm always struck by a sea of bent figures in straw hats, bobbing up and down. And you'll notice in the background of that painting, the two little blue porta-potties that are like little sentinels watching over them, but I made them small because they are small, they're inaccessible. And that is one of the few amenities, besides drinking water, that's provided for the workers. And two porta-potties for a hundred workers? Wow. It's a very precarious lifestyle that isn't viable long term for someone. Let's say you are going to follow the circuit of crops.. You know, strawberries in Central California, maybe lettuce in Salinas. You can't raise a family three months here, three months here, three months here, three months here. I mean, super disruptive to kids and education. Did you water this one? I did it again. And again. Well, I don't think.. I don't really think my sister liked the summer. We lived in a little room that's, like, about the size of this kitchen, and, like, half of the room was filled of the owner's stuff, and the other half, we had to all four of us live in that other half. We had to go with someone to take care of us, and, mm.. the ladies don't treat us that good, 'cause they make us sleep on the floor. They had bugs there, and they would crawl on us when we were asleep. Our parents would go to work at 4:00 in the morning, so when we woke up, we didn't see them until sometimes 7:00. Waiting for our parents to come, that's basically all we did. There is a common element right here, and that is migration. When you look at the history of the Coachella Valley, we've seen a lot of influxes of immigration. That is the same case with the Salton Sea. 35 miles long by 15 miles wide, making it the largest lake in California. The Salton Sea is one of the last standing wetlands available for the migratory birds, from Alaska all the way down to Argentina. They found that the Salton Sea provides the right conditions for them not only to survive but to thrive. It is the same case with so many of the people. Palm Springs. Fabled oasis of glamour and fun. A dramatic study in contrasts, with cool, refreshing pools beside the burning sands of the flat desert floor. A magic vacationland for everybody. And, as the saying goes, you should see it now. If you take a look at it, it's a beautiful valley. It's just a big crack in the earth's crust that's never, ever filled up. Folks, I wanna thank all of you for comin' out here to beautiful Palm Springs, California, and, ladies and gentlemen, this is the the land of eternal light. We get 350 days of sunshine a year. Los Angeles is only two hours away. Las Vegas is four hours. The Mexican border's about 90 miles away. They say that there's more private jets landing and taking off in the Coachella Valley than there are commercial airlines, and these are snowbirders, they come from all over the Northeast, the Northwest, so we really love the snowbirders. The season kinda starts around December 1st and runs for six months. You have wealthy second-home owners who want to be here for a period of time when the weather's good and don't want to be here as it heats up. I've never spent a summer here, but I've been down here for a week or two in the summer. Unpleasant. You don't have to worry about heating your pool. People would come over here just for relaxation. Sometimes, the best relaxation is pool time, and that's party time, or you got a margarita in one hand and a piña colada in the other, and you're just lettin' life kinda go by. The other piece is the kind of society piece of season. A lot of the social life revolve around nonprofit events and attending galas. They have a saying in Palm Springs. There were more movie stars in here at one time than there are movie stars up in heaven, because this is their hideaway, this is their getaway. Everybody's welcome, the kids, the dogs. Bring everybody. You're gonna have a good time. It's the food, that's what really amazed me. In the morning, some people would order caviar, and I didn't ever know what it was, to be honest. Like, everything is, like, so, like.. oh my God. I was like, wow. Like a dream. You can buy a home out here in one of the gated communities and just kinda close yourself off to what the desert really is. And you see all this greenery, all the shrubs, all the lawns and all that, that's not the desert, that's not natural. A lot of people just.. Just have those blinders on, and they don't.. They don't wanna see what's over here or what's over there, because it might be uncomfortable, it might be too painful. You just have to look a little deeper, look beyond. Take a right out of that gate instead of left, and it's another world. You know, the Barbizon school of painting had workers in the fields doing harvests and things. This is like the workers of the fields, fast-forward. It's 2018, but you know what? The clothing is different, the country's different, but the work is the same. Um, I don't wanna work in the fields, because I see my mom struggle so much. Plus, they come home all, like, hot and, like, dirty, and I just.. I'm gonna keep my hands clean, you know, white collar, everything. So I started off working the dates. Sometimes, it's 30 feet high, 40 feet high. Sometimes, there's even snakes on top of the palm trees. Even walking, just by walking under the palm trees, there's thorns that will penetrate your boots, and thorns kinda have venom or something, like, with all the pollen and everything they put on it. I got poked. It got swollen up, these three fingers. I couldn't use 'em for about two weeks. It poked me all the way to the bone. Farmworkers have always had the least protections. There's no minimum wage for farmworkers. There is no overtime rights. The fear of retaliation is really well-justified, because it's extremely common for companies to refuse to rehire people after they've complained, or to even blackball them with other companies. For many years, they have been staying across from where we are, in a public parking space. And I could just not imagine people sleeping in 115 degrees, or sometimes even 120 degrees. But they have no other choice. I'm a very realistic person. But now, if I dare to dream, I consider a dream to have another facility that can allow us to provide the shelter to these migrants, the temporary farmworkers, or anybody that is in need. That's.. that's the dream. Let me see if there's a date on this. This is a 1932 Diego Rivera, and this drawing really resonated with me, because you have a professora teaching her students, children and adults, and that's what I've done in the Valley for 10 years, working with the migrant population. Even though I joined many groups here.. A hiking club, a book club, a mahj group a golf group.. I still felt that if I was going to live in this community half of the year, I'd like to be involved in some way. Who has a brother? "Anyway, could you please tell. ." To see kids who may have the same outfit on day after day but turned inside-out when it gets too dirty, I mean, you notice things like that. The more stories I heard, a picture was beginning to form of what many people's reality is, and it was quite different from mine. Um.. it's pretty discouraging, and it's discouraging to me that I was unaware of it for so long. And then, to hear that these people who are working to provide service to all of us are sleeping in trucks or sleeping in the fields? When I become aware of things like that, it keeps me up at night. I read an article in The Desert Sun, and it was a call for someone to help actualize a vision of these two nuns who were running the Galilee Center. Ah. Take that one.. No, I'll take that one. Gimme the big one. How many people do you have on your board? Oh, nine people. - But we can grow. - But we can grow. I mean, are you be interested to be in it? Yes. Yes, I feel like I have a huge financial commitment and an emotional investment.. - Thank you! - . and I would love to be on the board. This is great, because this is the kind of people.. What about you? Oh! I mean, you're next! - Why not? - Okay, I'm in. Great! - Okay! - Good! This is the easiest board I've ever gotten to.. Um.. where are we? We're here.. Well, here's the big room. They could actually enter into the sleeping area here from the other door, and then the women could have this entire area with the kids. We're all in agreement. We're all in agreement! We need to work. What is human dignity? How do we.. How do we demonstrate the beauty of that human dignity? Because you can express that living in poverty, and that's what you learn here in the streets of Coachella. Let's go! Rawwwr! Let me just do a little couple of touches. Don't want nobody to see this big old mess. Okay. So, in this room, when my nieces come, this is our fun room, my grandma's room. She had, like, a cabinet right here, she had her things, but we gave it away. We moved this cabinet because we're thinking of giving it away to too. Good boy. He's a good boy. You know, the surface may look like "wow." You're put into Mountain View, and everything is great now. But, I mean, if you know the families, you truly know that it's.. They're struggling. They are still struggling with putting food on the table, and where is the next meal gonna come from? Want to try some oranges? Real and juicy oranges, navel oranges. I'm living in a kind of daydream, but.. but I'm happy as a king, my love Well, and I'll tell you something else. Every year there's a benefit here for neutering stray dogs in the Coachella Valley. This raises more money than the past benefits for Children's Cancer Research Fund. Don't get me wrong, I'm an animal lover. I mean, I like my dogs, but absolutely not my priority. You know, everyone is so polarized today. I just don't think they're aware of how severe it is, and I think once they're aware of how severe it is, I'm not too sure how much they'll be moved. And that's the.. That's the problem. Page 137 we're going to. Two hundred thirty-seven. Two hundred and thirty-seven? Boy, you're really up there today. Whoops. I need my cheaters here. Becoming more aware, being more involved. It'll add more value to your life than any car you're gonna buy tomorrow or any dinner you're gonna have tomorrow night. Let's see how you did, take a look. So there's the sheet that tells you.. Here's the sheet. See how they did. Did you pass? I'd like to propose a toast to this classroom for helping me, um, achieve manners and restaurant etiquette. We all raise a glass to Ivan, then, right? We all look at him. Then we take.. then we take a little sip. The community inside these walls help to an extent. The community here, the Coachella Valley, can't look for help from what's inside these walls besides the help that they get for creating jobs these six months of the year and that's it. It's our community that has to progress and make itself better. Oh, great. - Thank you. - And then this is all socks. Socks, socks, socks, and socks, socks, socks. Yeah, I bought 'em for you guys. - Oh my goodness, thank you. - I said, "Why don't you try to get 'em donated?" Can you lift that? Okay. I thought I'd come out here today with Mary, and I had no idea there were farms out here, I had no idea there were migrant workers out here. I thought east of Palm Springs and east of Coachella there was just sand. I didn't know people existed. So those are ankle it looks like. - What size? - These are footlets, yeah. Those are for children, these are small. Those are for the children. Well, I don't know. I'm thinking those would fit me just fine. - Thank you! - You're welcome. You're welcome. - We got a problem. - What's the problem? - We have a problem, Houston. - What is it? It sounded simple at first. It got increasingly complex. I didn't realize they didn't have a water meter. There were a lot of things that are not too glamorous as far as investments. And then the fire marshal said "no" because I called the fire marshal, "What's going on," and he says, "They didn't do all the things that I asked them to do." We'll see what is. Okay. Well, today, we received really bad news about our workers' comp because this is the first year of shelter, the insurance is going like crazy up. I mean, from 7,000 to 30,000 is a big difference for workers' comp. It's kind of scary. We are like, "Oh my goodness, what do we do?" - Yeah? - Yeah. Okay. I'm happy. Many field crops still call for stoop labor, especially at harvest time. This is the only area in which the American farm labor supply is supplemented by Mexican citizens. Yet, some Americans feel even this tiny fraction should not be used. Why bring in foreigners to work on our farms? Makes no sense. Makes sense to the farmer, though. These braceros work for lower pay than Americans would. This conversation isn't new. Historically, labor has flowed through a porous border, and the reaction always after a certain while becomes: "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who are all these strangers coming in?" I was reading a book last night called Exit West, and there was one line in there that said, uh, "We are all migrants of time." I thought, yeah, just the life cycle is a migration, migration through many passages, ups and downs of life. Yeah. Okay, you guys have some very exciting news today, especially for members of the migrant community here. Tell me about what's going on. Well, thanks be to God, we are going to be opening the shelter tonight. Within two months, we had purchased washers, dryers, a hundred beds, a security system, and made a shelter that would accommodate a hundred people a night. Lupita, we're gonna ask the bishop which one he wants to use, if he wants to use this one or he wants to use this one. So, thank you. Thank you, all of you, for being here today. I think the significance of today was that we had two worlds because we had many people who can give thousands of dollars, and we had people who did not have anything. And just to bring them together, indeed, brothers and sisters, I think that's the most amazing thing. Look at this. That was painless. You see some of the beautiful resorts on the west end, and if somebody tells you right now that they won't be there in a few years, most likely, you are not gonna believe it. But the nature of reality is that everything changes and everything passes. In the 1960s, this used to be what was called the California Riviera. This is the story of the miracle sea in the desert, the Salton Sea. A whole new outlet for the crowded millions in big cities. A Palm Springs with water. The Salton Riviera beside the blue Salton Sea is the place for you to take charge of your future. This unusual city has a date with destiny. For people that experience the lush golf courses on the west end, there is a big similarity with the people that used to experience this beautiful lake during the '60s. But what happens when those conditions are not there anymore? Who stays behind? A few hours later, it is sundown in this paradise of palms. And now, the mood of this fabulous desert playground changes completely. Beat it up like piñatas Tell the driver "Close the curtains" I love you Coachella is a word you can use around music lovers from any country. Now, in 2018, it's two weekends of 125,000. 125,000 people a day each weekend, and these are people from all over the world. I'm from Cape Town, and it took me 25 hours to get here. I don't know why LA is so far away from everything, - like with all the technology. - I think it's just far away from, uh, South Africa. It's not really far away from, like, Europe or something. It's nice for people just to come out here into nature and just, like, reconnect with themselves and with the music and with people again because, sometimes, you can just feel, like, disconnected. You're really in and out. You're just this blip in the.. in the history of the Coachella Valley. I don't know much about this area. Is this area called Coachella or.. I didn't even know Coachella was, like, an actual place. I thought it was just, like, the festival name. I mean, even having been here twice, like, I don't think I've ever even.. I feel like I haven't even driven past farmland. Maybe that's me just being, like, tunnel vision. The reality of the situation is anyone that comes to Coachella has no idea that agriculture is even happening here. Yeah, it really humbles you that, you know, then you, like, appreciate some more what you got. And I think people here are quite detached, especially.. I don't know, that's just my perspective from people from LA, they're quite detached because they never see something like that, so maybe they live in an even worse bubble than us. If you look at the average person that goes to Coachella, they work hard all year to be able to save up. The fun that they have is.. is deserved. Now, on the other side of literally the fence, there's a tent city right over there, but if you keep going farther, there's other problems, and if you keep going even farther out, you're talking to cartels and there's even bigger problems. And if you keep going farther out, there's even bigger.. But when you're at Coachella or any other festival, nothing matters because your world is within these walls. I want to see how it feels to be, like, 20 because then you can go to parties! Oh, no, 21. Why? And then you could.. I don't know, I just see people have fun whenever they're having parties, and I want to party too. Shh. But you really hate my guts? She be piped up with her friends, claiming my name was never discussed, saying she's gonna pop me when she see me, but I'm still walking around untouched Lately, my mom has been screaming more at me. That means I have been doing more bad things, that means, yeah, we've had more fights. When she was in seventh grade, she.. she had straight As. Mm, not straight-straight As, but, like.. It was As and Bs. But then, I got, like, eh.. When the school year starts, they're already behind. They are coming from where they were up north. They don't come until October, November. And then, when they leave, it's like they leave in May and they go to another school, so they're not able to clo.. There's no closure. Students become high risk around 14, 15. The moms are becoming grandmas at such a young age and taking in more kids, and it's just this pattern that just repeats itself. The statistics at Desert Mirage, it's like one of the highest birth rates for high school students in the nation. I'm 21, and this is my little man. His name is E. J., he's two years old. He's my little boy. He's the main reason why I try to look for a job here so I won't have to go up to Fresno or Bakersfield, so I can stay here and see him. Right, bubba? I graduated high school, but I decided I had to work to be able to take care of him and make sure he has everything he needs. Haven't gone back to school, but, hopefully, one day I get the time to go back and actually try to do something better. My mom, she's strict because she wants me to do good. I want to be a physical therapist when I grow up, and I'm gonna have, like, a mansion and have a lot of money, - and then.. - She can't wake up for school. What makes you think she'll wake up for her job? I am gonna wake up. Dude, I at least.. no, I don't. I'm gonna travel around the world, then I'm gonna have kids, but I'm gonna party before I have kids, but when I have kids, I'm gonna teach 'em like my mom taught me so that they could be like me. The company that runs Coachella Fest made Galilee Center the recipients of their donations. We got a lot of tents and sleeping bags and all that sort of things. That not only benefit us in the way of material donations, but it raised awareness. So it's 5:00! We got to wait until 6:00. They're gonna come back. We only got.. how many, Martha, four? - Three. - And this guy is gonna stay. Oh, he's staying? Sylvester is staying? Yes, so it's four. The people doesn't want to stay here. So I said, "That's fine." We start slow. The fear of Immigration, it's another possibility that our numbers are low because of the fear of Immigration. Families are living in isolation. They don't seek the services as they used to. In this region, where 50% of the population in some areas or more could be undocumented, Immigration and Immigration enforcement is like an every day, every minute concern. In situations where people feel under siege, it's very easy for misinformation to fly around because of the fear that, at a moment's notice, you can be, all of a sudden, sent back to, you know, if you're a young person, a country that may not be even a country that you know. They want to stay still on the parking lot, and I think it's because they've been there for so many years, so we're trying to change that and we're trying to convince them that it's okay to come and sleep here. So, we'll see. Tonight, I mean, I'm probably gonna have a few people, but this place is gonna be completely full in a couple of months. It is kind of difficult 'cause, all of a sudden, work just drops all the way down and you have no money. Last year, there was no bell pepper because the lands weren't producing it right. And this year, they're not gonna plant strawberry. They decided to work the land first, so once they plant again next year, it makes the plants grow better and everything. Well, see, the reason this area is here, because it's the first in the country. You know, your first you name it, it comes from here because it's so warm. So, I mean, uh, you know, I know all the employees. I mean, they all know me. I don't sit up in the office and go, "Eh, I'm not doing that." Here's one of our.. ah. Hey, mi abuelita. Hello, how are you? Tell 'em your story. - You're a baby. - Yeah, yeah, I was a baby. Yeah, but wait, wait, wait. How many years you been working here? Maybe 39. Thirty-nine years. So, yeah. So I had to get another job. Started working right there cutting grass. Yeah, you get them looks from the white people, like, "This kid," you know what I mean? But they think you don't know English or something, so they're trying to speak Spanish when they don't really know. It's awkward for most of us, but some of 'em are nice, you know, they treat you well and everything, but there are some that think they're better than you or something. Human nature. You can't be.. can't have everybody like you, so. Oftentimes, the only way that people can really start to understand the plight of the worker from the east side is when they ask their gardener, their landscape expert, their janitor about their life and their children and their story. I can't imagine, I'm lucky that I was born here, but I have cousins that came from Mexico here, and, you know, whichever way they were able to do it, and they haven't seen their parents in years. Dad's passed away, that's horrible. I probably saw his dad more than he ever did his whole life. It's very poor in Mexico. You can work and you don't make money. Maybe you work the whole day, that's what you make there to work the whole week. I crossed in a car, the spare tire, I came there, they put me there. They put the dogs to smell, and I feel like they're gonna catch me. When I'm 14, I came at 14 years old. I'm 50.. I'm gonna be 58. So, all this time. My kids always come in here and say, "Oh, this is a religious room." Well, yes, it is a religious room. I think of myself as a deeply spiritual person. My faith is my foundation. Any time I've had to take risks in life or had big challenges, it's my faith that sustained me, and I really mean that. So, I think it's probably faith that sustains a lot of these families and keeps them going. I'm just a woman, a poor woman, who wants to serve the poor and the needy. I never got married. I never had sex with a man or with a woman, because now we don't know. That's reality of this time of life. I never had sex with anybody, because I wanted to consecrate my life to God and to Jesus. Okay, Two nails and one broke, 'cause my niece sat on my finger, so it broke. And this one was like.. If we wake up tomorrow and, all of a sudden, every undocumented person disappears from the United States, you have service industries that will go bankrupt. You'll have fruit rotting on trees or in the ground. You know, you'd be paying $3 a potato. It would be catastrophic to the American economy because they're so integrated now and their labor is so integrated now and into society in general. Okay, now all you need is one big cabbage. There you go. We have weekly food distributions every Thursday. It varies from 220 to 280 families each and every week. There's.. nothing's better than helping somebody else, you know? It makes you feel like you're worthwhile. You could be.. You could be human again. What's like a protein I could put on the salad or some sort of.. Tuna fish, bacon.. So it's a contrast of things. I mean, people are leaving. Most of the people, the rich people are leaving, and most of the poor people are coming to do harvesting. I think we were concerned in the beginning because we were starting really slow. Five, seven, ten people. Suddenly it started going up and up and up. Clearly there's a need, and I think that the shelter, yes, it's a temporary shelter, but when you see that there's 60 men there and you see older ladies, they're working in the fields all day, and then they say, "If this was not here, we had to stay in our car." That's hard. This is a real need. We need a bigger shelter. We need a bigger building. We need something better than only this. I started playing, I don't know, November, December. My mom said that she thinks it's gonna be like last year, that she's gonna leave us here. So she might leave with my dad up north, and she's gonna leave us here with my grandma. When I come home from being out at Galilee, sometimes I think, "Oh, I'm so lucky." A lot of people live without any kind of privacy. In a trailer camp, there's very little privacy, especially if you've got 15 people crammed into a small trailer. I can't imagine what it would be like to live like that. Come on, let's get you dinner. Frankie, front paw. There's great inequity. Why are some people born into these circumstances where they're poor and they have to work really hard? Why am I lucky? I don't know. I think about those questions all the time, and I don't have answers. I don't know. But I do believe, when we all die, I believe in heaven and hell, and I believe that heaven will be the great equalizer. Something is happening in the ecosystem. We know that for a fact. The lake has been receiving all the agricultural runoff for years and years and years. There are at least four elements present in the sediment: arsenic, selenium, copper, and DDT. It will kill all the fish and pretty much everything that lives in the water. In addition, there's a stink of rotten eggs and dead fish. Recently, it lasted for about a week, and it went all the way to LA. And so, when it hits the big city, people will start to ask, "Where the hell is this coming from?" A dramatic scene on the U. S. -Mexico border. The battle over the border continues with Democrats complaining the conditions are inhumane. Now, as far as the holding facilities go, officials say they are bursting at the seams. The centers on the border may be overwhelmed, so they're just sending them to other places to be processed. Other places like the Galilee Center in Mecca, the unofficial overflow center for asylum seekers brought to the desert. We received a call from the Diocese of San Bernardino. They were looking for a place to.. To house, to shelter families. They are coming mainly from Guatemala, and they have been granted asylum. We felt it was not right to say no at the time of need. They brought them here by 7 p. m., and there was a lot of children, a lot of babies. I mean, it was.. It was something that I didn't even expect. Now I'll cry. The first thing we tell them is, "Welcome, this is not a detention center," because they come from a detention center where they have not been treated like human beings. They have been treated, um, like animals because they are caged. Either the immigration department drops them here at Galilee Center or drops them at a bus station or out on the streets, and then, from there, they don't know where to go. Sheltering asylum-seeking families created all different types of problems. Even though I felt great empathy for these people who were tired and terrified, they had different needs. They had immediate medical needs which, at the shelter, we were not set up to accommodate. I tried to dissuade the shelter from taking these asylum seekers. My concern was that there was a high visibility of ICE, and if there's one thing that a farmworker, especially an undocumented one, fears is being rounded up by ICE and being sent back to Mexico. There was no time they felt safe, so they quit coming. It has been, you know, a scary ride. Donors can come in and give us money, and then they leave, but the problem is still here. We put out the word, and little by little, people have been pitching in, but nevertheless, it's scary not to know. I still volunteer there because it's not about a philosophical difference between me and the shelter, it's really about serving people that have a real need. And so, it's built, it's there. Now it's just up to the people running it. So, yeah, I'm very hesitant to leave because I've got many ideas. Just because the shelter's open doesn't mean my work's done. I feel like it's just beginning. So, this place will be empty within the next one or two weeks. And as you can see, my last day is Wednesday. I'm done for this season, so.. Hopefully I'll be back next season. I have two cultures: I'm Mexican and I'm American. I mean, first and most, I'm an American, and I've had arguments with people that say I'm not proud to be an American. My dad didn't sacrifice his life and his youth to migrate over here illegally to have a son that's not proud of being an American. Kind of a slap in the face of your parents because the reason he did all this is to give us that. Still, in school, there was like very much ups and downs, but at least I promoted eighth grade with good grades, and I made my mama proud. Okay, it's my turn. Um, this is being completely honest. Daisy said going into ninth grade scares her a little bit because she doesn't know if they're gonna fight her or not. Jackie, shut up! She was asking me how to fight. Because I didn't know how to punch, 'cause I was looking at some videos.. She said she would've punched like this. No! Pick it up! - Bye, Melissa. - Bye, cuídense. This is an industry that feeds almost 75 percent of the people between Canada and North America during the winter months. We have an interdependency with each other. What affects you will eventually affect your neighbor. The Salton Sea is an example. As the Salton Sea recedes, it will expose what we call deadly playa. What is affecting the region will eventually affect the west end of the Coachella Valley, the Greater Los Angeles Area, and everyone that lives here in California. When that sea recedes, the dirt from the shoreline contains arsenic, pesticides, and other toxins, and they're so small that if they get in the air and you breathe it, it can go straight into your blood. It is projected, by the year 2047, there will be over 70,000 acres of exposed playa. So you can pretend that the crisis is invisible until it may be too late.