And now! All eyes on the stage to welcome Miss An Chi! An Chi! ACCIDENTALLY LOVE YOU That same old afternoon That same old place That same old sentimental song I'm sitting here all alone Watching all those people Rushing to nowhere All these thoughts in my head What should I do now that All my heart can do I think of you Just one moment Stop strolling around Inside my dizzying heart My heart is not at ease Because I just fell in love with you Accidentally love you What should I do now? In case you said it But you pretend not to know The sincerity that I've hidden for so long Until the end of love It's still an unrequited love from me Do you like it? Did you write this song for your girlfriend? Bummer. Not my girlfriend. For my super-duper, ultra-mega loved girl. Can you promise me one thing? Come what may. Let our love never change. I'll keep writing songs about you. Read it out loud. And get it in your head. What is our company's number one rule again? Mr. Boss, please! I know we disappointed you. But we are truly in love with each other. I promise this won't affect our work. No way this won't affect work! You brats! Try using your brain for once! Let me fix this. - Yeah, no one knows about this yet. - Shut your trap! Going on dates, huh? Checking in at the same place. You think nobody knows you guys go there together? An Chi. Do you realize how influential you are these days? We are building your image as an innocent, perfect, drama-free idol! Her only passion in life is singing! Not this! You think you can do whatever you want now that you're popular. Huh? I'm gonna put it on the table for you. One. Your career. Or romance. Make your choice. - I... - I choose career. Me and Kha, we... It's just harmless flirting. For the new song. I have no deep feelings for Kha. There's no love involved. So if you make me choose, of course it has to be my career. Wonderful! You truly are a star. Unlike that nobody, no star-quality at all. An Chi. Go back to work. Please feel free to give us feedback and support us. Time for The Air to take the stage. Is everyone ready? Try to be calm, okay? Come standby with me outside. Now there is a gift, huh? It's pretty! What a superior boss! Tue Lam. Let me... help you put it on. Okay. Put in on for me, please. Tue Lam, sister! Something's wrong with Anh Kha! We need you! Hold this for me. Today is very important. You can do it, bro. But... I don't feel so good. I shouldn't be here. I'm gonna bring you all down with me. Don't be stupid. What's wrong? We've wanted this for a long time. You can do it, bro. Okay... Mr. Boss! Please! Listen to me! That brat again? Why is it, when something happens, it's always him! I've already reviewed the show's script. We can bump up a performance or two. And what is the consequence? How can we be that disrespectful? When people ask you why, how will you answer, huh? Do you plan to tell them that our company has a mentally ill singer? An unstable person that goes crazy when it's time to go on stage? Will those celebrities be empathetic with you? Agree to reschedule their performances for you? No! They will laugh in your face! At me! That our company is nurturing a psycho freak! - Mr. Trung! - Why do you want that psycho anyway? Problematic all the time! Useless beyond belief! How could you say that! Even the songs that An Chi is singing are written by Anh Kha! He doesn't even try to get credit for those songs. Do you know how much he contributes to our company? I've said my piece. No rescheduling. Focus on what we're paying you to do. You! An Chi! You were great out there. You totally own that song. Of course I own the song. I wrote it. You misunderstand me. You wrote those songs, of course. I'm really happy for you. Please, stop speaking nonsense. The walls have ears. What's so special about that girl that you have to suffer like that? You are being too emotional. Is this the love story between a fake who likes to steal music and a coward? Stop it. An Chi is not like that. She put her name on your music without asking permission. That's theft, you fool. She was forced to. You know that. Kien! What are you doing? You are in an idol group. You should at least think about your peers. Don't let your personal matters affect everyone like that. Cowards like you should just die. That is enough. You've said enough already. Irritating. We're all in this together. Why do you always say unpleasant things? What did I say that was unpleasant? I'm speaking the truth. Everyone is worried about today. Me, I've been waiting for this day for a long time. He writes our songs. He's the main vocal. He should earn it! Let Tue Lam see. If that brat's mental or physical state is not stable he should stay at home. Or, even better, he can leave this group. He's responsible for the debut song, but he's so irresponsible. So... You're still bitter that sister Lam didn't choose your song, huh? Stop being suck a jerk. Don't think you can say whatever you want just because you are the leader. Guys. Calm down, okay? We are a team. Each of you take a step back, okay? Tue Lam gonna hear us. Kien! WHEN WE WERE YOUNG One day in the afternoon I reach out for the wind Looking at the vast sky And through the song we realize... And like I want to sing Sing the song I know what I long for I don't know if you will Still remember me tomorrow And the best days The days when we were together The days when we were in our twenties Keep holding on to those days With you in my dearest dreams TO DIE IS TO FIND PEACE The sudden passing of Anh Kha caused me and the company great sorrow. He was a very talented young man, it's unfortunate that he left us so soon. Everyone has come here. His fans, his family, they're all here to say goodbye, I can't... To be honest, I feel pretty shocked... I'm sorry. I had no choice. Go take a rest. You haven't slept for even one night. Dung. Have you called Tran Kim yet? No need. If he wanted to come, he'd already be here. TWO YEARS LATER Where is your uniform? Why did you give me that crop top, it fits just right. And ladies and gentlemen, the first words for our Shining Sun Ray Company, shining brightly, sending the warmest and most affectionate greetings to you all. Let me introduce myself, my name is Thien Bao and I will be your guide for today. Sunlight, the dish washing liquid brand? What is our company's name again? Shining Sun Ray. Too long. Sunlight is shorter and more effective. But... Sunlight? The dish washing liquid, seriously? I'll just speak in Vietnamese then. Oh my God, my neck is hurting, but you keep making me talk. Okay. On behalf of Shining Sun Ray company. Everybody follow him, please. Tue Lam, sister. Tue Lam. Sis. Why are you suddenly back here? - Is Trung Ngo at the company? - Yes. Put all the luggage in the car. We're going to meet the high and mighty CEO. Alright. We'll meet at door number two, everybody. This way. Alright. Let's go straight. Alright. Alright, everybody. Let's go straight, straight. Why did you come back so early? You still have half a year of work in South Korea, don't you? What is this email you sent me? The Air Group's disbanding notice? - So what? - So what? Are you asking me so what? Why disband the group? I am their direct manager! This group is now unable to perform, what's the point of keeping it? It's just causing harm. You jerk. What did you guys say again, the day you and the company sent me to Korea? You guys said that I just needed to be in Korea for two years. Then you would let the group debut again under my lead. That was two years ago. Now, two years later, we can't bring up the issue from then and talk about it. You have to respect my efforts. Just stay calm. Because I respect you, I respect you so much I have already prepared another music group for you to manage. They're very good. Generation Z. It's very much in line with the times. Should I care? Nice to meet you, miss. We are Super A. You guys. Introduce yourselves to Miss Tue Lam. Hi. I'm Tony. I'm from the US. I am the visual of Super A. Hey, sis. Your dress is like, so beautiful. Me D-A-B. Me the rapper of Super A. Me seem to have lost my mind when I met such a beautiful manager as you... Next! I am Sam, their leader. Currently, I am responsible for all the songs of the group. I looked at your resume. Manager of The Air, huh? I don't really want to be like them, there was nothing special about that group. I want... When you talk to me, if you still have gum in your mouth, I'll stick your jaw from one side to the other, got it? Where's the rapper? Take off your earphones. Showy. Hideous. Grace shows through your behavior. Talent comes from the inside. You guys are not graceful, not talented. Showy, disrespectful, poor performances. How can you exist in showbiz? You have to change. Yourselves and the whole group too. - Okay... - Stop mumbling. Want a piece of me? No, ma'am! Alright, everyone, out. And then there's you. You think I don't know what you did? You violated the contract. You suspended all of their activities. And now you're claiming to disband The Air. - Her point is reasonable. - Right. You're disbanding the name of the group but still keeping the contract. What will their future be like? By suspending all of their activities, keeping the contract, and having no specific plan, you're blocking their future, right, Trung? I will take back the contract of The Air group. Next week, my lawyer will talk to you about this. You don't want any trouble. It's better for both of us to avoid a scandal, right? I think your Korean shareholders will not be happy about that, you know? Hey, sister. Sister. Tue Lam. I'm still talking here. Bro, now that you're quitting this job. Where will you go? Aria. What? My own company, just founded by yours truly. You always bite off more than you can chew. You know it is very difficult to recover the band. It is an old project. Not to mention Anh Kha... Okay. If you have decided, I don't have much to say anyway. Even if we don't work together anymore, I will still support you. You need good personnel. I will find someone great for you. Don't worry. I have an employee already. When did you scout them? You just set up the company and now there are employees already? Who is it? LETTER OF RESIGNATION Are you serious? Did you fake a resignation email in his name? This is not funny. Congratulations, Tran Manh Hung, you have been hired as an outstanding employee in my company. How are you feeling? Happy? Joyful? If you two have any difficulties, give me a call. Even if we don't work for the same company anymore. I'm going back to work. You should clear out your belongings. LETTER OF RESIGNATION MR. LU THANH HIEN - ARTIST ASSISTANT RESIGNATION APPROVED ON 15 MARCH 2023. IF THERE ARE ANY FURTHER CONCERNS, PLEASE CONTACT HR FOR MORE INFORMATION. It's not good, baby, no. Having difficulty sleeping at night? Feeling exhausted when you wake up in the morning? Feeling bloated after eating, and having abdominal pain before going to the bathroom? Oh yes, sister. Oh my God, it's good that we met today. This is a sign the universe wanted to send to you. What does the universe want to send to me? The universe wants to tell you to take care of your health. At the same time, ensure your future. I have a really great, perfect solution for you. - What is it? - The best solution is. To buy insurance. I have many insurance packages that are suitable for you. Just tell me your needs and I will choose the perfect one for you. It is fate that we met here, that's why I sincerely share this with you. Take a moment to consider. I... the universe is calling me. What are you doing? I'm still not ready yet. But I am ready now. You player! What is this? I beg you, Mai. Please don't sell insurance in my cafe anymore, okay? This is a tarot reading cafe. People have already complained about you selling insurance. They'll give us a 1-star review, then the shop will be closed down? Do you want that? That's because my insurance has been selling badly for a few months. On top of that, I still have to pay the hospital fees for the little guy. So... I know. I understand Mai's situation. You can tell me if it gets too much. You know I will help you. Long, I have this package... Don't. Don't say anything else about insurance. I've bought five already. What's up? A new package. Auntie. Did you take the main door key? Do we need to wait for you? Almost there. But I don't have the key, remember to wait at Auntie's door. What about Rot? Did she study? Has she eaten? Or is she playing with her phone now? Oh, of course she's still on the roof, she hasn't come down to her room yet, right? No, she is sleeping. She is sleeping very deeply. I'll take her back to the room later, don't worry. Oh, Auntie, listen to me. Don't come back too late, okay? Tomorrow I have to go to the airport to return this luggage I mistakenly took from someone. What? You brought a stranger's luggage home? Why didn't you leave at Chau? You could take it from there to give it back tomorrow. Bringing a stranger's luggage home is so reckless. We don't know what is inside. Remember my Tarot divination? The card said that the universe would bring many unexpected things to you this month. But whether it's chaos or luck, I don't know yet. You have to be careful. For God's sake, just calm down. It's not like I opened the luggage. There is no need to make such a fuss. This brat. Oh, heavens. Why did you open someone else's luggage like that? I just touched it a little bit. It opened all on its own. You're so bratty, little lady. Let me put everything back in. We still need to give it back to the owner. Oh, heavens. You're so naughty, little lady. WHEN WE WERE YOUNG There's the sheet music. There's also a guitar, play me something. Oh, heavens. Did you close the door yet? I did. How did you know I was hiding the guitar and take it out? In this house, there's nothing I don't know about. The rolls of paper in the drawer are songs you composed, right? I'm gonna tell Auntie that you stay up late to play with the phone. And I'm gonna tell your mom that you were hiding the guitar. This bratty brat. Damn, Bot. It hurts. The chicken is fragrant. And the chicken pieces absorb the flavor, it looks so very delicious. You're right, Mr. Danh, this place is really crowded. You can see that the server is very busy running back and forth. Oh, it's too crowded, running back and forth. So tired I'm dying. Everyone remember to follow me. You have such excellent acting skills, Auntie. Let me tell you this, KhuKhue. If you have any more PR ideas, keep me out of them. I'm old already, KhuKhue. But, how many? How many people saw it? 10,000? - Too many zeros. - So 1,000 people, right? - Ten viewers. - Ten people? Ten people! And you make me run back and forth in this place like a crazy gal. Alright, no more making me an extra for your live stream anymore. - Eat your vegetables. - Hey! I think your acting skills are really good. When I watched the live stream, you made me feel like this place was really crowded. When my channel is successful, my mother's store will be the hottest in Saigon. Hey, Mai. Where is Bot? Bot's still in the Secret Garden. I will call him for you, Auntie. Bot! - Close the door! - It's closed. - Are you sure? - I'm sure. You want to hear Brother Bot's singing? Yes, I do. - You sure? - Yes, I am. - Yes, I am. - Okay. Bot! Mom... How many guitar's strings do I have to cut until you are satisfied, Bao? Yes, I've cut three already! I told you, I don't like you singing, or playing music! Think about it! Be real! Why don't you listen to your mother? But, Mom. I only sing for fun, no harm done. For fun? You also said that when you were in 12th grade. Sing and play. Just messing around for fun, huh? So what? You joined that singing contest behind my back. What was it again? The regional singing competition, right? Mom. That was just for fun too. Just for fun and what next? You'll never know. If I didn't stop you, maybe you'd even dream of becoming a singer. Oh heavens. I sing like a duck. What kind of a singer is that, a ducky one? Right, Auntie? Yeah, you sang so badly you even got first place. Are you trying to provoke me? Oh my God. It's so late already. Time to take my child to school! Yeah, right! It's late. It's time for school. Hurry up! - Godspeed! - Go, go! Hurry up. Where is her school bag? There it is. Okay, let's go to school, it's late. Be careful! Big sister Hoa, it's okay. It's just art and music, just singing and playing. It's not like he's doing drugs or something, why are you so concerned? Why are you looking at me like that? Back then, you... Forget about the old stuff. Okay. Oh sister, the store just opened. Would you like to come in and see what we have? Oh sister, take this, please! You can come to visit the store whenever you want later! Hey uncle, may you take a picture for me? Of course! Smile, kid. Smile. Yes, it's done. Thank you, uncle! Do you want a piece of candy? I got candy. Where are you? I've been looking for the store you describe but can't find it. I'm on the 7th floor. If you come to the 7th floor now, you will see a big store that just opened. There is a very handsome Batman next to the store. And right next to that handsome Batman, is your luggage. Okay then. Oh sister, want to visit our store? This coupon is for you, uncle. Yes, please take it. Yes, thank you. Yes, come and visit our store, okay? Thank you. Okay. Thank you, kid. Okay, bye, kid. Bye-bye. I am the owner of the luggage. Check through it, sister. There's not even a scratch on it. Oh sister. Since you are already here, I invite you to experience our 5-star service... Not even a thank you. Anh Kha! Ever since they suspended the band, he missed singing so much that he joined the choir to sing hymns. He sang so well that he became the church's idol. Many young girls and boys signed up for the choir just to sing with him. The church gets really lively every time he sings. Vu! How did you know I was here? Hung and Hien led me here. So where are Hung and Hien? I pray that the company will prosper so that Director Tue Lam can pay my salary. Brother Huy! Please tell Van that I will always love her. Who is Van again? Is there a Van in the script? Now am I the male lead, or are you? You are an extra, stop trying to add lines that are not in the script. Yes, I am an extra. But I am the main extra, you know. A bad compromise is better than a good lawsuit. Why is he constantly adding new lines? What's wrong? When someone touches you, you die. Okay? Yes, I get it. But I want my role to have a deeper psychological character with complex thoughts, you know. Let go. You have to let go of all that. Touch. Die. You die right away when you're touched. Okay! Strive to become a famous actor and play the lead role as I do. Then you can do whatever you want. But for now you're only an extra. No adding new dialogue. Got it? You're wasting everybody's time. Now listen here, kid. Can you do your job or not? If not, I'll find somebody else. No big deal. Do your job properly. Dung! Sister Tue Lam! I told you. Complete your acting course first, don't get into acting so quickly. It's okay. You will become famous soon. When you become famous and play the lead role, if you want to add more dialogue, you can add it then. Okay? Hey. You want to be actors. I need you. - Come, quickly. - Buddy, we are not... Late, it's so late already. Hurry up. Hurry up. You two will play two wealthy guys, okay? But we don't know how to act? You'll know. Just do it. Stop interrupting me. Okay? Two wealthy guys, fleeing from the epidemic area. So use your scared face. Alright? Now, you. Yes, you. See that boom mic up there? When we start, you will scream this aloud. "Run away! Don't look back!" Okay? Let the boom mic record your voice. Okay. Okay! Smoke! Smoke in! Get ready! Now. Smoke! 1, 2, 3. Action! Run! Run away! Don't! Don't look back! Run! Run away! Why are you acting like a boiled chicken? Okay then. The other guy. I see that your face is more natural. You speak the lines I gave you guys, okay? Okay, guys! Continue! Smoke in! Smoke in, guys! Hurry! Hurry up! Hey everyone. Today, my company has a product to introduce to all of you. It's an herbal tea product! And to begin, I have a song. A song that I really, really like. I want to sing for everyone. Can everyone give me a round of applause? Sure. No one clapped. Well, then, your job is still to eat. And I'll still sing. Let's start! Hoang Tuan! Sister Tue Lam! Kim! It's only your fan girl. Why so afraid? I give it all to you! These strange guests came to find you again. Today I bought this for you to eat. It's very delicious. It is really good. Sit. Don't come here again tomorrow. It's crowded. And it's my workplace. But... Moreover, I'm no longer an idol. If you keep coming here... it's a bit... No! To me, you will always be an idol. Never not an idol. I will follow you, support you, and always be with you. Phu Yen's FC. Forever! Heavens, it's so delicious. Eat it, please. It's good. Let's eat. Take your glasses off and give them to me. What? Why? Give me the glasses. Those are camera glasses, right? How do you know? These kids' games are ones I have played since I was young. Actually. It's because the FC peers wanted to see you. So I try recording a bit. I didn't do it on purpose. Nowadays, you are a KOL already. You are popular and have even more followers than I did in the old days. Let's tell everyone to get rid of the FC. Here. Wow. This really is delicious. Where did you buy it? Also. At which university will you study? Do you have any dreams? Tell me. No! If you are not an idol, don't try to take care of me. Looking for Kim again? Are you looking for Kim? Which Kim? I came to get a haircut. My salon cuts men's hair. If you want a women's haircut, go to the salon next to mine. Okay. We'll get a men's haircut then. Now, what kind of haircut do you two want? Do you have a style in mind? Well... Not too short, not too long. A bit short. A bit long... Short and long at the same time. Do you want me to cut it or not? Cut. Why do you want to retrieve our group's contract? It's easier to create a whole new group. I want to revive The Air group. I missed my chance once. Now I want to do what I was supposed to. I am the director. Hien will be my assistant. The company will have two more assistants, Juky and Rocky. Hi everyone! Cun will be Mr. Hung's assistant. You guys look a bit rusty. Life has been hard. I was an extra on set when you called. I ran here right away. Right. Since the day you went. My life has been all storms. We have to start from scratch. Let's practice hard together. And we need another one to be a five-member boy band. VU KIM - I HEARD YOU WANNA BE A SINGER HUYNH LONG - IT'S A PIECE OF CAKE DAI DAI LOC - NHAT TRUONG IS QUALIFIED NHAT TRUONG - THEY ARE ALL ARRANGED LIAN LE - LET'S TRY IT, HOANG MINH! LUK XINH - IF NOT SINGER, JUST BE AN ACTOR TINO HUY CUONG - I SHOULD BLOCK YOU LU NGOC - ARE YOU TO BE A SINGER? KIM HAI - STOP TAGGING ME! CASTING CALL FOR MALE VOCALIST FOR THE AIR BAND Do you know how to do your job? - Please calm down, Mr. Boss. - Shut your mouth! Tue Lam just opened a company. One casting has already attracted a lot of attention. Tomorrow I will bring the marketing plan for Super A to you. If that plan doesn't work out. Quit. We pay you a lot of money. It's not to do things that don't work out. And these guys? You are their leader! Why don't you motivate them, stimulate the spirit of your brothers. - Dab! - Yes? You have 10 million followers on TikTok. Why not develop it? Why don't you do anything to help the group? Those guys are such a bore, I can't put them on my TikTok too much. Let's talk about that! You guys are so boring I could die. If I were a star or an actor, I would have become a grade-A star already. Unlike all of you! Work harder! Don't let the trashy band I have thrown away surpass you. It's humiliating. Okay. There was a girl. She lay by the river. She cried very loudly. The fairy king appeared. We want a singer, not a storyteller. Let me introduce myself. I'm the prince of Bac Lieu. Oh, why is the prince of Bac Lieu's face like that? - I came here to sing. - Why are you so angry? It's just my RBF. And don't love me anymore Duong Lam Dong Nai Conquering his lifetime dream Bro. I think this outfit is a bit much. Miss Tue Lam is the judge of today's program. I hear she's a fashionista. She has a very keen eye for fashion. You guys have to dress like this. This. This fashion style is international. High-class people dress like this. You guys are dressing like you're in Milan fashion week, you know? Your look still needs something. I know what is missing! There! See? You look like a winner now! We're meeting a casting agent, not a fortune teller. Why dress so shady? What fortune teller? Don't be mean. This is trending, so fashionable. Keep your opinion to yourself. Show me your determination. Your determination! 1, 2, 3... Yeah! Put it on. Put your sunglasses on. Everyone, it's your turn now. You can go in right away. Go in. Go inside and go straight to the stage, please. Where are you going? Inside? We only want guys aged from 18 to 24 or 25. Sorry. Why are you saying that? I'm offended. I'm still not 25 years old yet. What's the big deal? I just forgot to shave this morning. Get out of the way. - Hey, Sis! - You can sing now. Don't know how you are How was your today Don't know what you are thinking Still thinking about me Sometimes I ask myself Do you really love me As you say I miss you I really miss you Day and night kept struggling In thinking about you Love, love, love missing you Stop please! Can you sing a sad ballad? Sorry, we didn't prepare a ballad. I have one here. I only need the fellow with glasses. The others can take a break. Can you take the black glasses off? The first days we were together The days when we were in our twenties Keep holding on to those days With you in my dearest dreams The first days we were young Like the morning dew, who knew One day we won't be together like today In my dearest dreams We are together again After every rainy night, every time I dream in the middle of the night I still see you by my side. And I will forever keep the memories Of our twenties When we both had to Trade off one of two choices When we grow up, will this love Still be deeply in our hearts? Chase after all those dreams I'm afraid this love will fade away Many years and months from now, Will we still think of each other? When we grow up When we were both 20 Sitting by your side, absentmindedly Quietly looking at our hands, intertwined Time may pass We may miss this chance to love But I know that The wind is still forever wandering And the clouds are still carefree And like today The first days we were together The days when we were in our twenties Keep holding on to those days With you in my dearest dreams The first days we were young Like the morning dew, who knew One day we won't be together like today In my dearest dreams We are together again That song The song I want to sing The song knows what I dream of Will you still remember us tomorrow? Remember the best days The first days we were together The days when we were in our twenties Keep holding on to those days With you in my dearest dreams The first days we were young Like the morning dew, who knew One day we won't be together like today One day we won't know anything One day I'll be with you like today I always dream about you I will dream of you Sorry. I'm sorry to disappoint you. But I can't leave the band. Part of why I was able to sing well today, is because I saw the sheet for your song before. Let me explain, I didn't deliberately look in your suitcase. My little sister accidentally opened your suitcase. That's when I saw the sheet music. Anyway, I apologize to you. Thank you both for today. Excuse me. Wait. Think this through again, Bao! Nowadays, young people consider being quiet as being angry. I apologize. Next time I'll find a better program for everyone, okay? - It's okay, bro. - Really? Bao, you really should seize this opportunity. Don't give a good opportunity up just because of us. I agree with Luc. Honestly, why give up this chance? What's wrong, everyone? It's not like there are no other opportunities. Some opportunities only come to you once. Listen to your bros. There's no need to worry about us. I've made my decision. I don't really want to work with them. Stop moping around, guys. He said he'd made his decision already. Cheer up. Let's cheers. 1, 2, 3... Cheers. Alright. 1, 2, 3... Cheers! Excuse me, sir, do you know what you want to order? I'm looking at the menu. Your menu is upside down, sir. Let me help. Sir. You work at Aria, right? So, what would you like to order, sir? I'll have the special combo of broken rice with grilled pork and shredded pork skin. Sir, our restaurant doesn't have broken rice, we only have rice with chicken. Yes. One portion of chicken rice for you, sir. Yes. - Kid. - Yes? I feel sorry for you. You're handsome. You're talented. But you're burying your life here. It's a waste. You should reconsider our request. You can be on top. I'll push you. We can't talk about this here. Here. Good morning, lady! I'll take one, like every day. What a coincidence! Giving your little sister a ride to school? Is this the child who opened the luggage of this lady? You should reconsider my request. I feel our destinies are linked. We even met here out of nowhere. You really should reconsider my request. Kids these days. Bao is juggling a lot of jobs at once. In the evening, on even days, he comes to the cafe and sings with the band. The ones he came to the casting with. From what I gather, he's saving money for his aunt to treat her son's illness. His cousin is severely ill. He has to go to the hospital every two or three days. You have to pay the hospital fees, you can't delay any longer. You've been in debt for a while now. Our hospital has been trying very hard to support your family all this time. Please, can you give us more little time? We promise that we will pay enough for both the hospital bill and surgery fees for her. I'm begging you, miss. It's not that I won't allow you, it's the hospital. I can't disobey orders. I will pay the bills. Who are you? I'm Bao's colleague. First of all, you just take care of the boy. And this money, I will talk to Bao about it later. Swipe my card, please. Bao, don't. Thank you. Thank you so much. Please sign here. See you at the company tomorrow. Thank you so much. How did you know I was here? You're stalking me, aren't you? What do you want? I want to take you back to the company. I have goodwill for you, you know that. But your goodwill makes me feel very uncomfortable. You just want to achieve your aim and don't give a shit what people think? Just assume that I have the money, and I do what I like. I didn't say that I'd just allow you to borrow it. Two years. I'm gonna sign a contract with you for two years. If you aren't famous, I won't take back this money, and I'll terminate the contract. And if you're famous after two years, you will have to pay double that amount to me, and extend the contract. Come to the office at 8 a.m. tomorrow and sign the contract. Hey, miss! You already signed that contract? - Is she beautiful, Aunt? - Beautiful. Same as me? In your dreams, KhuKhue! Life is too difficult. Don't ever ask those questions that... we're unable to answer again, okay? Listen. Only me, Auntie and Beo know about it. I will reveal it. You mustn't reveal it. The four of us won't reveal it, so how could Mom find out about it? Right? But it can't be! The money to pay the hospital fees for the youngest, Auntie. He has to work for the company to pay her. - If not, how can you pay the fee? - Right, Auntie. Yeah you're right, Bot. Besides, when my mother found out that I had a stable job, she was happy. - See? - Our family will be happy. That's right. But, I want to ask Auntie to do one thing. If my mom asks me why it's been a long time since she's seen Bot, you just need to answer for me, say that I'm working far from home, Auntie. He's very focused on his career. He only comes home once a week. That's all I ask you to do, Auntie. Okay. I can do it. - Deal? - Deal. - Bon appetit, everyone. - Bon appetit. Try the latest drinks from my store. The signature one. Thank you. Try it, man. - What's wrong? - Sore throat. Wow. Your new coffee shop looks marvelous. Thank you for that day, Harry. The casting day, remember? Thanks to your talk on the stage, we received lots of support from them. - No big deal. - Thank you. Without you, there were still two or three people to help us. You're one of the directors that I very much admire. Thank you. I heard that you opened your own entertainment company, didn't you? - Yeah. - If you need any help, just call me. Because... my work in the US, is all done. Now I live in Vietnam. Not easy to get a job in the US. No, I mean it's hard to get a job in the US. It's easier to find a job in Vietnam. Not only that, but he's also angry. Harry, in the near future, can you let my group perform on the stages you are directing? Definitely. - For you only, I'll do my best. - Thank you. No more laughing. Take the call, please. Or I'll take it for you if you don't. Excuse me, pardon me. Hello? Yes. Sorry, everyone, it's urgent. Harry, if you're busy, just go ahead. Want to have lunch some day? - Thank you. - Yes. See you, Hung. Wow, inviting you to lunch! Ignoring me like a ghost. Invisible. Why do you hate him so much? You've hated him since high school, man. I think Harry is cute, though. So, sis, when can we meet Harry again? Soon. Why don't you apply to be a janitor here? Then you can see him every day. Wow. You also know about personal training too? You guys still don't believe it, do you? So... Look! Oh God, Class A PT certification. Xe. What is "Xe"? "Xe" means run and go ahead. "Xe." Hey, wait for me! Get out, I'm tired! Why do we have to run a lot? Wait... wait. Do you see what I see, sis? Yes. Sexy boys. Why sexy? That's your type? What are you guys looking at? Look over here. Damn, so sexy. Just arrived at the company and it's lots of work, isn't it? I thought it was fun to be an artist. Nothing comes easy. Hey, but why do we have to live in the same house? It's still fine to go to work in the morning, then go home at night. Gosh, because living in the same house, we can train together easily. Ms. Tue Lam is the person with the most goodwill here, man. Hey, why does this guy look uncomfortable? It's hard to have a conversation with him. Leave him alone. He's the oldest so he has a rough temper. I've found a person, who will take care of teaching dancing to you all. He's a world class dancer, and choreographer. Here's my dancing degree. About dancing, I know modern dance, hip-hop, cha cha cha, rumba, sexy dance. About polka, I know folk dancing... But, dancing needs certifications too? Of course it does. Besides small degrees, I also have large degrees. These are my hairdressing, makeup, flower arranging, cooking, cascadeurs, material arts, MC degrees, and, of course... an English degree. And another degree that I very much like... That is: driver's license. Took the exam once and passed. Today, I will inspire all you guys... with a song, composed by myself, choreographed, mixed and arranged by me too. Now, I will mix those "lively" materials to you, besides, We also have our strengths too. Okay? Yes, sir. - "Xe." - "Xe." Wake up, wake up, wake up Hurry, don't be lazy Wake up, wake up, wake up Hurry, don't be lazy Wake up, wake up, wake up Hurry, don't be lazy Wake up, wake up, wake up -Hurry, don't be lazy -I do exercises I do sports I do exercises I do sports For good health I do sports I do exercises I do sports Since when do I practice? I'm not sure Since when do I practice? I'm not sure I do exercises I do sports Since when do I practice? -I'm not sure - "Xe" Teacher taught me The morning exercises 1, 2, 3, 4, breathe, breathe, breathe Two hands up Two hands up Two hands up Two hands down Two hands up Two hands up Two hands up Two hands down Two hands up Two hands up Two hands up Two hands down Two hands up Two hands up Two hands up Two hands down Netizens are very excited and curious about the new member of The Air. And they are also very much looking forward to the official return of The Air. I also heard information about Menfolio magazine, they invited The Air to shoot a cover for them. Can't believe you are still sitting here reporting the situation. Everyone has to do something, please! Action now! Find every way, stop them. Do not let them be on the magazine cover! Still sitting here? Get to work! Hey, sis! Now is for free practice. Why don't you go inside and keep practicing? Why did you come here? Then why are you here? I heard that you're afraid of sunshine, aren't you? Anything make you want to come here? Hm, actually I want to show you a part of the song. The incomplete song I found in your suitcase. I don't know why I have feelings for this song, and I also edited it a bit to make the song more complete & emotional. Listen to it, will you? Huh? Something wrong with the song, sis? We are both so pretty! But not as pretty as me and... let me show you the picture. It's me and Arie. We're... dating. By the way, I'll tell you a secret. You... are my best friend. Harry is calling, I'll pick up. Hello? Happy birthday to you! Today is a very special day. Your 25th birthday, is also the day The Air debuted. Thank you so much! But it's not a coincidence. I arranged all of it. Cool, right? Tue Lam. May I... put it on for you? Sure, put it on for me, please. Tue Lam, sister, something's wrong with Kha! Come here, sis! Keep it for me! Why do you look so sad? Tell me. In this world, after all, how many people act as a friend, to be with the one they love? Best friends forever! "Xe." - Hello! - Sister Hong. - Give me lipstick... - Wait, wait. What did you say? Sister Hong. Forget that name. Now my stage name is... 2, 3... Rose. But wait, why was your name Hong two years ago... Focus on the present, forget that name. Hey, not my business, but why do I see the new friend Bao coming in? He looks a bit like... Come on, please forget it! Don't ask about him. Yeah, continue. - What's wrong, sis? - Not your business. Nothing, you look marvelous today. Except that... You look like a person I know. Who is that? You look handsome today. This suit looks good too. That's it. Now go over there and take some photos. That's my new collection. I gave you the exclusive to take pictures first. Wow, so beautiful. Thank you. Can I interrupt, please? Miss Lam, can I talk to you for a second? Where are you going? To meet Mr. Trung. I already know that Trung Ngo deceived us. Who else could put pressure on the editor? Only him. There's no benefit to us going there to argue with him. But don't be sad, guys. I have great news to announce to all of you. I asked for our group to perform at a prestigious music festival that my friend is directing. Is that Harry Tran? Yeah, so what? Cool. "When the Lord closes a door, somewhere He opens a window." But the most important thing is your best effort! So let's all say cheers to the new door! 1, 2, 3, cheers! Well, I'm really sorry, Tue Lam. The organizers have taken it back, The Air can't perform anymore. I also tried my best to change their minds, but couldn't. Because the organizers won't give permission. I see the point. I'm not a freshman. I know who ruined us. They impact those people, but I still don't get it, how did they know that The Air would be at this show? It is clear that the show has never had an official poster. So where did that information come from? Tue Lam. Actually, I think it's not good to confront such a big company. How about we... reconcile with them? I'll never surrender or give up to a guy like that. Want to fight? Tue Lam will fight until the end. Guys. If they have purposely destroyed us to get to the main road... we still have the side road. It's not necessary to take the main road, is it? Indeed. I see that our group has great ability, so there are many ways to reach the public. So it's not necessary to perform on the big stage. I think we just need to focus and sing, make music videos, focus on performing on small stages, invest in social media to access the audience, it will be better. I decided to choose the song "Take My Hand"... No, you can't. I don't want to either. Why do we have to choose that song? I have lots of demo songs. You guys should listen to them. I'm being very fair. "Take My Hand" is completely suitable. It can be mixed into different versions, is easy to listen to, it's upbeat too. So has everyone listened to it completely or not, then why do you criticize it? How do you know the song isn't suitable? If so, sing it for us to hear. Oh my God, is that The Air, is that The Air? Gosh, long time no see Hung. So pretty and handsome, man. I see the audience here is mostly adults and children. I'm worried that our music is inappropriate for them. They're still the audience though. The audience choose us, we don't choose the audience. Try your best! Let me tell you this, my audience is very accommodating. You guys just need to be handsome, go on stage and dance with all your best, and sing with all your heart, the audience will support your group anyway. Support them if they need it, sis BBayy. Don't call me "sis" or I will change my mind, bruh. Call me "sweetie". Or call my name if you want. Or "bruh and homie" for more fun. - Sweetie BBayy... - Worry! See. Gosh, I want to support you immediately. Forgive me, the sound equipment is not good quality. So when you guys perform on stage, try to fix it by improvising. Everyone, just relax. Everyone, just relax. The audience here is accommodating. I used to go places like this so I know. It's okay, just relax. Now follow me, we take the stage first, go! Let's go, let's go! Oh my God. One day we won't be together like today In my dearest dreams We are together again. After every rainy night, every time I dream in the middle of the night I still see you by my side. And I will Forever keep the memories of our twenties When we both had to Trade off one of two choices When we grow up, will this love Still be deeply in our hearts? Chase after all those dreams I'm afraid this love will fade away Many years and months from now Will we still think of each other? When we grow up When we were both 20 Sitting by your side, absentmindedly Quietly looking at our hands, intertwined Time may pass We may miss this chance to love But I know that... Gosh, the stage is so shiny! BBayy, is there any way to protect performers? Because, I feel that the performers can't focus. Jesus, don't worry too much, Hung. It's like the audience is so close that there's no boundary between the singers and the audience. Understand? Also, they're performing on the vaudeville stage, man. So accept it. But they accept it anyway, the kids are having fun on the stage. One day we won't know anything One day I'll be with you like today I always dream about you I will dream of you Hello, everyone, we are The Air! Everyone, we will soon release the song "Take My Hand". Support us! Thank you, everybody! Take it. Shining. Agree. I'm okay. Book one show here for every week. What's wrong? Not enough? So, two shows every day on Tet holiday? Okay? Good offer. Sounds great to book the show here. Dad. Use this money to pay your debts, I'll help you pay back the rest later. Thank you, my son. I don't know what I'd do without you. But how did you earn this money? It's not a small amount. Don't tell me you are doing something illegal. Dad, if you really care about me, stop gambling. What if I really commit a crime to earn money for you? Son. Son. Dad bought pork rib porridge for you. Take it home to eat later, okay? I... Oh my God, everyone! Two new music groups released their new songs yesterday at the same time! Super A and The Air! People are very sentimental about music plagiarism nowadays. Right? I have a friend that works closely with the production team. They told me that The Air plagiarized music. I'm a loyal fan of The Air. I know my idols. Just listen carefully to both songs, the melody is the same! Why are you playing dirty? I want you and those brats to know who is really in charge. I suggest you return here as my right-hand person. I'm sure. The Air will never have as much of a chance of success as Super A. I came here to inform you of this. Starting today, The Air will compete directly with Super A. We'll see. Kim. What are you trying to do? How much did they pay you? To betray everyone like this? I want to invite you back to the company as a solo rapper. With your kind of talent you can go solo and be a success easily. You can become the most famous rapper. Our company is capable of helping you. But there's one condition. I apologize. But! I feel like I can't stay at this company anymore. The Air probably won't do any better after this. To be honest. I don't want to bury my youth in this company anymore. Ciao. You are Trung Ngo's spy. You have been reporting all of our group's activities to him. The Air and I are here now. Which room is the photo shoot taking place in? I've already sent you the video clip. If you transfer the money late again. Don't expect to receive any more information from me. Tell me. How much did you make? To sell out like that? Are you even human anymore? Hey! Bao! Let me go! Why are you doing this? Huh? Do you know how much effort I put into that song? You don't have any right to blame me. The others do, but you don't. Why not? You're just a replacement for someone that's dead. All you did was finish an unfinished piece of music by a dead person. You think you are the original author or something? You jerk! Kim! Get out! Want to know why I did that? Why did I betray you all? Because Tue Lam treats that brat no differently than Anh Kha! Don't you realize, you fool? You're just a copy of someone that's already dead. You think you're great? Is there something wrong with your brain? You are a fool. Is Kim telling the truth? All this time, what did you see me as? Anh Kha or Thien Bao? Is this what you want? Are you satisfied? Here's some water, kid. It's time for you to keep your promise. Where's the rest of my money? What money, Kim? What happened? Why do you always bring up money? What money? There's none left. Oh, by the way, I have to admit. You were really good at helping me break up The Air. You did such a great job with that. Thank you very much. What about the solo artist contract? Contract? What contract? I never mentioned anything about signing an exclusive contract with you. No, I didn't. Maybe you misunderstood me. As for your desire to become a solo rapper, I'm sorry. In all of the company's meetings, no one has ever praised your ability. So, I'm sorry. I have to follow the majority. Don't be angry with me. Are you going to take back what you said? I know you have many tricks, but this... Don't regret this later. Naive brat. Auntie, help me, Auntie. Auntie! You dare to deceive your mother? Help, Auntie! - Oh heavens! Get out of the way! - Mom! But I've already told you the truth! I'm back to help with the restaurant now! Yes, that's right. Now he's back to assist you with the restaurant, you don't need to get so angry. Shut up! Eat your meal quickly then go home! Hey, sis. He's back. What he did doesn't really matter that much. Right? You! Always trying to cover up for him! This broom can fly. Want to see? - You! - Mom! You! Do you understand what I'm saying? The assistants. I let them quit already. I will introduce them to other entertainment companies. The salary is probably higher there. Does it have to be The Air? We can cast and train a new music group. The Air is the music group that I poured my heart into. I still didn't succeed. How can I make another group? I remember when I was 20 years old. I used to wonder what my 25-year-old self would be like. Then I set a goal. At 25, I would have a music group that I managed myself. And they would be successful when they were 25 too. But now, I'm 27 and they're 25. That dream still hasn't come true. How about you? What was your dream at 25? It was Tue Lam. Well, there's a lot of stuff here. It'll probably take me 2 or 3 sessions to clear everything up. Some relationships are perfect already. I'm afraid we'll lose it if we cross the line. Crazy lady. Why did you pay off my father's debt? I want you to repent. The Kim that I trained, is a very talented kid. A passionate one. Thank you. This is the evidence that proves Super A are the plagiarists. Every time I do a transaction, I record it. Everyone knows Trung Ngo is a sly person. Hopefully, this evidence will help your company regain its reputation. I'm very sorry. I will pay you back the money soon. Kim, if you feel guilty, there's something you can do for me. Did you think you could hide it your whole life? You're big now. Yelling is useless. In the past, your father and I were also singers. Your father was the lead and I was the backup singer. You get your good voice from Dad. Back then, I was so passionate about singing. I chose to leave my family behind. To follow your father. Let's go, honey. But one day, your father left me for a younger singer. At that time, I was so angry with your father. I began to hate this singing business. Later on I took the two of you back to my parents' house. What are these lovely children's names, my child? The boy's name is Thien Bao. And the girl's name is Kim Khue, Dad. - Nice to meet you, grandparents! - Good children. Your grandparents were ready to take me back. They always had been. At the time, I really felt that I had been so terrible to my family. And I don't want my children to make the same mistake. To leave your family behind. Mom. What are you saying? I would never leave you, Mom? Do whatever you like. You shouldn't give up on it. I'm so sorry. I cannot force you not to do something just because I don't like it. At each moment, there will be a different feeling, a different thought. If you give up now, when you look back on it later, you might not feel at ease. Mom... Thank you, Mom. Good boy. Oh, by the way, I have to admit. You were really good at helping me break up The Air. You did such a great job with that. I am very frustrated right now. I mean. When I heard the recording and saw that video. I couldn't believe my ears! I didn't think such a famous music director could harm a young music group like that. Yes, now the clip has been leaked. You guys believe me now? Thien Bao's song "Take my Hand" is really good. Not to mention, Thien Bao is so handsome. I'm gonna ask Thien Bao to make a TikTok video with me. I decided to support The Air. - Is that right? - Right! The Air! The Air! Hello, guys! Welcome to my channel. Did you see that, that's my brother, who's very hot recently. He's playing the guitar. I'll zoom in for a closer look. Only my channel has this content, you can't find it on other channels. Holy shit, it's 10,000 viewers. Jesus, thank you everyone a lot! React "love" for me, thank you! Wow, what a handsome boy! No acne was found. CAN I MEET YOU TOMORROW? Wait, I thought there were only 2 guys. Why are there more dudes here? Why are you guys stalking me? My dad paid you all already. Yes. Your dad paid off the debt, but now you have the new debt with us. Pay it soon! Where's Ut, come here quickly! Hey, go tell your old man, if he plays so badly, not to play anymore. Stay at home peacefully, not to harm his children anymore. Understand? Hey, why did you punch him, man? Because he insulted my father. Owe money, pay the money. Owe punches, pay the punches. Know how to fight? 50-50 Let's "xe"! "Xe"! I'm begging you. Next time, choose main roads to fight on, not alleys, bruh. It's so hard to run and turn. No, There's the pork rib porridge eatery of Ms. Nam at the end of the alley. Very delicious. That's why I called you, to eat there and talk. But unexpectedly we've been chased a lot. Not having time enough to eat. Almost being hit by those gangs. Actually, I always feel guilty about Anh Kha. Kha was a good brother. You and Kha are the same in one way: your heart. I was always jealous of him. Haizz, I'm too nervous. Can't know any of our test results. You definitely promise me one thing. Why do you look so serious? No matter what the results of tomorrow's entrance exam are, you and I will be together developing our careers. We'll definitely develop our careers together. Why can't I leave you alone? Go to hell, faggot. I apologize about that. Come back to the group, please. The Air can't be the same without you. Return. You and I will start over again. Leave all my worldly worries behind Travel to a faraway place In my mind, no longer any worries That can bring me down to my knees Watching the clouds And wind wandering the sky, We forget about the time Forever kept in our hearts The joy in every moment Pretty girl like you Pretty girl like you Seen a lot but rarely Seen any girl pretty like you Rarely seen anyone pretty like you Come here and take my hand Don't stop and act as a friend And if your world is boring Let me do wonderland You said you like to hear sweet words Then babe, from now on I'm honey I will "pour" honey in your ear Honey, I'm a playboy But I know how to love truly -Will you hold -These hands? -Gently melodious -In the arms And this world has joy in every moment Hey to you Wonderfully warm, like an angel And I vow to be with you forever And hold your hands gently day and night Your words will always be by my side Our hands reach out to Wish with a thousand stars Whether stormy or sunny Then we still always have each other The day you come here My heart belongs to you Come with me far away Even though life forces us to adapt Go ahead if you like Come here and fly together Chilling with good music and whisky Hold my hand here Going to the far streets Blue sky with clouds Happiness is here! -Will you hold -These hand? Hello? Yes. Yes. Yes. I will invite The Air to the show. Definitely will be, sis. Gosh, no matter how hot they are, I can invite them all. Trust me. Yeah, thank you very much. FIVE MONTHS LATER This week's number one song is "Don't Leave Me Alone" by The Air. The song is also included in the sound- track of the movie When We Were Young. Let's listen together. Hello everyone. We are The Air. Hello everyone, my name is Ciin. Can I ask you a question? I know that in the movie When We Were Young directed by Luk Van, the two of you were the main actors and sang the movie's theme song. How do you feel? The first words for Bao as well as Dung and everyone in The Air team, are to give Ciin and the audience the most sincere thanks. Dung and Bao are very lucky and very happy to be able to participate in the movie When We Were Young. Hopefully the movie When We Were Young will bring some really good footage to the audience, the emotions are so youthful and there's a bit of healing. And besides that, will bring to the audience... Where is Mr. Vu? The make-up is not done yet, he came here to make the team beautiful. Our weakness when we are young is making mistakes. But in return, we will have strong vitality, recover easily and rise up. Right? THANK YOU FOR BEING MY YOUTH SOME OF THE AIR BAND'S OWN PICTURES