The Bat Island Autumn Auction for The Year Of The Horse has now begun. Please turn off the lights. Please, Bat Prince. The Bat Island Autumn Auction begins. The first transaction is from room no. 4 The buyer is a monk from the East. What do you want to buy? I want to buy Chu Liu Hsiang's head. I didn't think we would return from the Divine Water Palace, It's still a three-day journey by water. Today's fog is very thick. - Where are we? - I don't know either. There's a house up ahead, let's go ask. It seems like there was a big banquet here just now. Where are the people? Shaolin robes, someone from the Beggar's Sect. Mount Zhongnan's black crow, Luofu's colorful wings. These are all famous figures in the martial arts world. How did they end up dead together here? This person is strange. Being a monk, yet wearing such colorful clothes. One hand and one foot are broken. Look. Who are you? No, wait... first you must tell me... who am I? You don't know who you are? I can't remember. I don't know who I am. I can't remember anything. It's strange... who am I? Why did I come here? Yes, I want to go to Bat Island. I'm going to Bat Island. Bat Island is a mysterious place. I've heard of it before. How about you, Chu Liu-hsiang? Heard of it? Bat Island? I think I've heard that name before. At Siming Villa, didn't we see a monk in colorful clothes? Yes! Isn't he dead? Please have a seat. Master, didn't you die already? Why do you ask? Because I thought I saw your corpse. What are you doing? Tell me quickly, where did I die? - Who killed me? - What's going on here? If you really died, shouldn't you know who the killer is? The fact is... He had a twin brother. They looked exactly alike and always wore the same clothes. Except one was missing his left arm and the other his right. They were known in the martial arts world as the Twin Cripples. Recently, his brother was killed. He's been searching for the killer. His brother is indeed dead, but the killer isn't one of us. Why should I believe you? Who are you? I am who I am, and I don't care if you believe me. But standing in front of you is the famous Chu Liu Hsiang. Chu Liu Hsiang? So it's Master Chu. Nice to meet you. May I know who you are? I am Li Yuhan, and this is my wife, Liu Wuming. What happened earlier was a misunderstanding... Master, look. I'm sorry, we have urgent matters to attend to. Look... over there. Who is she? Master Kumei. Are you sure it's her? Absolutely. Then let's rent a boat and follow her. Wait, I heard Master Kumei retired from the martial world. Why is she here? Look, that's the boat Master Kumei was on earlier. Boatman, please take us there quickly. Why is the boat all burned? It seems like we're too late. Don't you think this is strange? Twelve people died at the Siming Mountain Villa. A skilled man in white clothes didn't know who he was. And there's that mysterious white-haired person. But more importantly... Master Kumei reappeared in the world, then disappeared again. Something big must have happened in the martial arts world. I think so too. Help! - Wuming, hold on. - It's very painful! - Waiter, bring some white wine quickly. - Okay. Brother Li, it's you. What's going on? My wife suddenly felt ill, it happens often and the pain is severe, - so I want to give her some medicinal wine. - Sir, here's your wine. Thank you. Sorry, both of you. Sir, the food and wine are ready. Strange, both of them staying here. Who cares, we're all wearing red, we've already encountered people in black and white. What does it matter if two people in green come? Come... have a drink. Wait. Do you pour wine with your right hand? Yes, I've always used my right hand. When we came back... The wine jug was placed like this. But when you poured the wine just now... the jug was placed like this. That means... When we went outside to investigate, someone interfered with this jug. Right. Don't drink it. I've already had a sip. Master Hsiang... Who are you? Your skill is remarkable... not many people in the martial world can withstand ten moves from me. But I am curious. It seems like your moves are not meant to kill me. But rather to delay me. You are trying to lure me away to kill Chu Liu Hsiang! You're not so stupid, after all. But it's too late to go back now. What, you're not dead? I noticed myself that the jug had been moved. When I was drinking, I poured the wine in this spot. Why did you kill him? He fought with you so... I think he can't be a good man. It's precisely because he's not a good man that we had questions to ask him. What happened? Someone tried to assassinate Master Hsiang. So I killed him. What? Someone would dare attack Master Hsiang? That person must be crazy. Brother Li, this sword... is it the lost sword of Cangshan? This sword has been lost for a long time. How did Brother Li acquire it? Have you heard of Yongcui Mountain Villa? Of course I have. It's the home of the world's number one swordsman, Li Guanyu Many rare swords are collected there. Li Guanyu is my father. If you gentlemen are interested, you can visit our humble abode. There are many famous swords. Rare swords are one of my interests, appreciating them is a lifelong hobby. Yi Tien-hung, will you join me? I'm a little tired of swords, after seeing so many. And I have something to do. Please go ahead without me. From here, we are in the territory of Yongcui Mountain Villa. It's so beautiful. If you're interested, please take a look around. We'll go back first to prepare a welcome. Okay... The house in front is our humble abode. Please. Master Hsiang, here you are This place is beautiful. This is where my father tested his swords. Senior Li loved swords so much. He truly deserved to be the No. 1 swordsman. My father became famous with the sword, so it was his life. He took interest in everything related to swords. Unfortunately, when he died, he had an unfulfilled wish. What was his wish? My father had researched sword techniques throughout history, but still couldn't come up with a formation that was truly invincible. He devoted his life to the sword. He created the Five Elements Formation. But he was never able to prove that it was truly invincible. Why not? Because he couldn't find someone worthy to test it. That person needs to have exceptional martial arts skills, but also needs to be very famous, so the victory or defeat will be known throughout the martial world. There is presently only one person who meets these conditions. It must be Chief Hsiang. That's why you did everything you could to bring me here. This is your sword. It seems like I have no choice today. Please teach me. It seems Senior Li's aim is not to test the formation... but to kill me. Why do you say so? Because if this formation is invincible... I will surely die here. Even if there are flaws... ...these five experts attacking me together... will still surely kill me. Back at the Liufu Inn... I already thought it strange... why did you want to silence the man in black? Li Yuhan, what is our grudge? Don't ask too much. Yes, we brought you here to kill you. Senior Li's Five Elements Sword Formation is indeed powerful. It seems that even Master Hsiang can't break out of it. Don't move. I have admired you for fifteen years. Master's Twin Swallow Sword skill is divine. It is an honor to learn from you today. How did you recognize me? Someone who is used to dual swords, when switching to a single sword, will clench their other hand into a fist. Whilst someone who is used to a single sword will usually have fingers pointing straight. By suddenly handing you a sword, your instincts revealed you. I believe you all understand... This formation wouldn't work if there was one sword more or one sword less. Chu Liu Hsiang is indeed Chu Liu Hsiang. Iron Mountain Taoist, Gentleman Sword, Bamboo Sword Cuts Stone. Each and every one of you is the leader of a righteous sect. No wonder you all wear masks today. When did I offend you, Seniors? Why must you kill me? We don't want to kill Master Hsiang. I came only to repay a debt. The Li family style has been passed down for three generations. Now, Sister-in-law had an ominous dream. She has contracted a strange illness, she needs a rare poppy from India to relieve the tortuous pain. But the seller demands Chu Liu Hsiang's head in exchange. To save an old friend's bloodline, I must... Stop it... stop it... Brother, Chu Liu Hsiang has already broken the sword formation, he could have killed us if he chose to. You're repaying kindness with evil. Would Senior Li not be ashamed if you do such an unrighteous thing? There are three unfilial acts, and having no descendants is the greatest. I, Li Yuhan, can't afford to care about honour. Seniors, why are you blocking my sword? Iron Mountain Taoist Can you let my father's bloodline come to an end? If I let go, what will become of chivalry in the martial world? How could I dare to teach the disciples at Wudang in future? But you cannot forget the debt you owe my father for saving your life. Alright. Taoist... Chu Liu Hsiang. You can see with your own eyes that my arm is lost and I cannot save you. With someone like Iron Mountain Taoist around, "The chivalry of the martial world" will never be just an empty phrase. What are you waiting for? I will never forget your kindness, senior. Wuming... what are you doing? Yuhan, forget it. Iron Mountain Taoist is right. The Li family cannot do such an unrighteous thing. But your illness? I am a nobody in the martial world. How can my life compare to that of Master Hsiang? As for the bloodline, you can remarry after I die. Chief Hsiang, please forgive him. He did this for me. As for the debt we owe you, I'll repay it in the next life. Sister-in-law, you saved my life. How can I, Chu Liu Hsiang... let my benefactor die in vain? Tell me, where can I find this poppy? Bat Island. Bat Island is a recent organization of Triads. I heard that if you have money, anything can be bought there, even secrets of the martial clans or human lives. - Who is the leader? - Someone called Bat Prince. His martial arts are advanced, but no one knows who he is. Why? They always conduct business in the dark so no one has ever seen his face. His identity is a mystery. How do I get to Bat Island? I don't know. Why hasn't anyone asked us? What, am I not a person? But you haven't asked us. Dear Miss Song, Miss Li. I, Chu Liu Hsiang. wonder if you know of a way to reach Bat Island? Recently, the queen lost a pearl necklace. I heard it was stolen by the invisible thief, Zhu Tong. There is only one place to sell treasure stolen from the emperor... ... and that is Bat Island. So if I want to go to Bat Island, I must first find the invisible thief? Right. Also, people going to Bat Island need an invitation. Li Yuhan gave me this. But... I don't know how to contact the people on the island. Do you know? I know who stole the pearl necklace. He has already arrived at Qinhuai River. What kind of person is he? Well, he must be someone who looks like a thief. Welcome, please follow me... please have a seat, sir. The invisible thief... really does look like a thief. Hurry up. Brother, I'm not your enemy, I just want to ask you a few questions. Mute, come in quickly. Strange. How did the house end up in the middle of the sea? Why is there an even bigger house floating over there? Why is the house moving? Why are we drifting towards the big house? What is this place? You don't need to know that. I don't know you, why do you want to kill me? Because I don't know you. That's why I have to kill you! Before you kill me... can you tell me why the small house floated into the big house? Because underneath this house, there's a long rope pulling it. That explains it. Who owns this strange house that floats on the sea? Bat Prince of Bat Island. So people go from here to Bat Island. None of your business. You haven't told me who you are yet. What if you really do kill me? When Yama asks who sent me there, what am I to tell him? You have a good sense of humor. My name is Hsiang Fei Tian. I am the steward of the 78th division of Bat Island. Everyone who goes from here to Bat Island is my responsibility. Responsible for what? If they are guests, I am responsible for sending them there. If they are not guests, I am responsible for keeping them away. How do you know I am not a guest? Because I have never seen you before. But I think you must have seen my master. Who might that be? Li Yuhan of Yongcui Mountain Villa. In which category is he registered? Under the character "Yu". - What does he want to buy? - A rare poppy. Where is the mark? Then you are our welcome guest. Guests from the 3rd stop have arrived What character did you register with? The character "Di". Gongsun Jieming. That's me. Guests from 5th stop arrived. Long Wu registered under the character "Xuan". The proof is here. - Long Wu - Hi, how are you? You brought along 2 servants. Yes, I've had people serving me since birth. I always travel with servants. But the boat fare is expensive. I can pay it. Alright, let's get going. Please. Ladies and gentlemen, please... please... - What do you want? - I'm trying to help you. Thank you... Everyone, please. Please... Please... Please. Please. Boatsman, please come out. Is everyone here? Everyone has arrived. Take them inside first. Let them settle in to their rooms. Please... Please. This way. Please. Miss, please. Yi Tien-hung. Why are you here? I'm here on business. I've been hired to kill someone. After we parted, I received a letter. I've been paid one million taels of gold to kill someone here. So I followed the directions, someone brought me to this boat. He said the person I am to kill is on Bat Island. What? Kill someone on the Island? Who? I don't know, I only know that... he is carrying a particular item. According to the message we received, Twenty-four ships have already set sail. There are a total of 362 guests going to Bat Island this time. Has everyone on our boat already been cleared? Everyone has been investigated. The person with the Heaven character is a filial daughter. She's going to Bat Island to buy back her father. Her father is imprisoned on Bat Island. The mute is her servant, he's always found at her side. A wealthy martial artist with the character "earth" came to Bat Island with the purpose of buying some rare treasures. As for the one with the character "mystery", he appears to be a wealthy young man, but he is actually a royal guard. He must be here to investigate the Queen's missing pearls. And what about the one with the character "yellow"? This person is more mysterious. He doesn't say anything. He just gave me 10 pearls and asked... if he could hide on the Island for a few years He must be the one who stole the Queen's pearls. A messenger pigeon has arrived from headquarters. There's a problem. The message says there's a spy on the boat. Young master ordered us to kill them and bring the bodies back. Six will be enough. Use the same method we usually use. Kill everyone the leader wants dead. Start tomorrow. - Who's there? - It's me. You... Why are you sneaking around like this? Follow me. Last night, I heard them talk about killing us one by one. Who are you? My name is Jin Linzhi. My father devoted his life to architecture. Five years ago, someone hired my father to build a house. He never came back. I found out he's on Bat Island. So along with my mute servant, I must go to Bat Island whatever it takes. I must save my father. Chief Hsiang, I must go to Bat Island, you can't let them kill me. Quiet... Miss Jin. First, you don't know who they will kill Second, you don't know when or how will they make their move. They said they would start this morning. Maybe someone has already died. I never imagined he'd be the first victim. So the one eavesdropping outside the door is the manager of the boat. I wanted to know who was poking around. I found the boatsman dead in his room this morning. His pulse was broken in the night. Your boatkeeper had good martial arts skills, how could someone kill him? Well if somone couldn't kill him, how could he have died? I dare say there will be more deaths. Help! Someone come and help! - Who killed them? - I don't know. When I delivered the food just now they were lying on the ground, and those two were standing there. We heard the sound of fighting and came to investigate. Did you see anyone else on the way? No. Why do you want to kill me? I have to silence you, you're the only one who knows I killed the bodyguard. Wrong. This morning, when I saw you standing there I only suspected... but now I know you're the killer. - What are you doing? - He wants to kill me. - Why? - Ask him. - What's going on? - He killed someone. Strange. We all just came up from below deck. Who killed him? Old man, do you still want to kill him to keep him quiet? Why would I need to keep him quiet? You're afraid he'll arrest you. Because the one who died was the emperor's personal guard. And you are the famous invisible thief of the martial world. You're the one who stole the empress's pearls. What? Another one died? There must be someone else on the boat. Where? There's someone else? Who? The one who killed the person in white, and the person who killed the old man just now. That person's kung fu is very good. Where is he? Look. I said his kung fu is very good. He can kill people, no one can easily kill him. What? Isn't the boatkeeper dead? Not only did he not die, he killed the others. That's right. Because only this way can you be caught off guard... ... and that is the best way to kill you. Why do you want to kill us? Our leader found out there's a spy on this boat. The emperor sent out a martial arts expert to capture the Bat Prince. Plus Chu Liu Hsiang, who loves to meddle, is also onboard. So the boatkeeper decided to kill you all to prevent any leaks. Where is the boatkeeper now? Since you have discovered him, he took another boat back to the island. Nonsense. Hsiang Fei Tian, you're wrong. How could you kill us? We of Bat Island are not careless, we always have a backup plan. See that candle? What about it? When the candle burns down, the boat will explode. You will all be killed. It's broken. The explosives must be under the candlestick. Quick, hurry and help. Quick, go in. Hurry up... I never thought I'd be floating in a coffin on the sea. It's actually more comfortable than a boat. We're in the middle of the sea, we can't see land in any direction, what should we do? Well, luckily they already prepared coffins for us... The sea at night is really quite peaceful. Look, there's a boat. Strange, why would there be people floating on the sea? Master Chu, there are five people in coffins drifting on the sea. Well, save them immediately. Lower the ladder... Please... Please. I apologize for not being able to greet you in person, please forgive me. You are our saviour. We are in your debt, there is no need to apologise to us. We really don't know how to respond. We are just doing our part for the heroes. It's a blessing from heaven, there's no need to be so polite. Master, the food and wine are ready. Please, everyone, take a seat... Young master lost his sight due to an illness as a child. Please forgive us if we appear impolite. Gentlemen, there is no music in our ears, but there is wine in front of us to drink. Let me propose a toast. Please... I have heard that Chu Liu Hsiang is a conossieur of fine wines... ... can you forgive me for presenting you with this old wine? How do you know he is Chu Liu Hsiang? It was reported that five people boarded the boat, but I only heard the footsteps of four. A hero that can move silently... who could it be but Chu Liu Hsiang? Killing is as easy as blowing away dust. The hero Yi Tien Hung. Let me offer you a drink. How do you know he's Yi Tien Hung? Who doesn't know the two heroes who defeated the Divine Water Palace? Sitting on equal footing with Chief Hsiang... who could it be other than Hero Yi? Please. Although your eyesight is poor, sir, you see more than many of us with normal vision. Too kind. And who are the others? - My name is Jin Lingzhi. - I am Gou Zicheng. Master Gou, Miss Jin, please... Please. By the way, how did you come to be adrift at sea? It's a long story, but the boat we were on had an accident. By the way, we've been on the boat some time, I haven't learned your name yet, sir. My surname is Yan, my given name is Suiyun. That's a rare surname. May I ask where you're from? I'm from Guanzhong. The Yan family of Guanzhong has a strong reputation. Wuzheng Villa is the home of famous arts. May I ask what your relationship is with Master Yan? He is my late father. The master of Wu Zheng Villa not only has a great fortune, he is highly respected in the martial arts world. The name "Wu Zheng" was given to his villa by other martial arts heroes. It means that in the martial arts world, no one could compete with him. Is his skill really that great? Yes, but he passed away three years ago. I heard that the young master of the villa was a child prodigy. He is talented in both literature and kung fu. Moreover, he has a kind personality. According to the legends, Master Kumei of Hua Shan retired from the martial world because of her love for Mr. Yan, and bore him two sons. That's right, she and Mr. Yan had two children. The elder son stayed with her, the younger son with Mr. Yan. Why did they have a falling out? Women often make unreasonable demands. Come in. Our young master invites you all to the deck to take some refreshments. - Thank you. - Please. Please. The food is here. Thank you. Master Kumei. Strange, weren't they all drowned? How did they end up here? This boat is already quite strange. Let's eat first. The guests are really troublesome, how many meals can they eat in a day? Mine too, she has to take painkillers all day long. I heard that this medicine is very expensive. The flowers come from India. Yes. Sir, here is your medicine. Thank you. - Let's go eat. - Thank goodness. Isn't that the person in white who had amnesia? Strange, how did he end up on the boat? Don't move, keep quiet. It's you. Did you see what happened earlier? Follow me. Li Yuk-hon and his wife, Master Kumei, the man in white, and Ding Feng. What are they doing on this boat? Have you considered that this boat might also be going to Bat Island? Going to Bat Island? Is it possible? The people of Wu Zheng Villa are highly respectable. What could they want at Bat Island? Young Master Yan was threatened by the man with white hair, so surely this boat will go to Bat Island. No. The boat is heading to Golden Carp Island. Strange. Who are you exactly? How do you know so much about what's going on here? I am who I am, a person who is going to Bat Island. It seems that in the end we have to go to Bat Island, because if we don't go there, there are many things we won't be able to understand. However, this boat will first go to Golden Carp Island. Master Yan, we've found the golden carp. Quickly cast the net. Yes. This type of carp can only be found on this Island. It is a rare delicacy. I came here just to catch some. The fish are here. Quickly... Master Yan, we caught four women in the net who are completely naked. Are they alive or dead? They are not breathing, but their hearts are still beating. Maybe they fainted. Take them to the Tian Room and ask Lady Lan to examine them. Yes. Strange, where did they come from? How did they end up in the net? Hurry, carry them inside. Madam Bing, these women have passed out. Young master begs you to save them. Get out, get out... quickly! What happened to them? Master... Young master, something terrible has happened. Those women have killed Lady Lan! What? The Heart-Plucking Hand. Yes, my master killed them before she died. Who are those women? I don't know. Master Hsiang, any idea? I don't know either. If they are assassins sent to kill Master Kumei their kung fu must be excellent. The person who sent them must have a lot of power. People from Bat Island? Let's go there immediately. We must not sleep tonight. I need to release the six acupoints. Don't move, I'm here to save you. Who asked you to save me? Your mother, Master Kumei. How did you know I'm Kumei's child? I'm her disciple, Gao Yanan. There's a boat over there, follow me. Chief Hsiang, something's wrong. Our boat has stopped. Let's go. The boat is inside a cave. Quick, go up and take a look. No need to look, I've been up there. There's no one there. No need to go down. There's no one down there. - Li Yuhan and his wife are not here. - There's no one inside the house. - Master Kumei's corpse is also missing. - What about Prince Yan? Stop, we're on the same side. Li Gongzi, we were looking for you. How did you end up here? Yan Suiyun of Wu Zheng Villa invited us to Golden Carp Island. But, she fell ill as soon as she boarded the boat. So we've been in our cabin the whole time. Didn't you know we were on the boat? We only knew that friends were on board. We didn't know it was you. Where is Yan Suiyun? I don't know either. When I realized the boat had stopped, he was already gone. Could the person in red clothes have taken him? This drug is powerful. Even someone like me with a bad sense of smell was knocked out. Where are we? When we woke up, we were already hanging here. This is a type of iron called Jiuyao Shengtie, it is the hardest substance in the world. No matter how strong you are, you won't be able to bend it. Look. It looks like there is only one way in or out of this cave. Let's think about how we can escape from this cage first. At Yong Cui Mountain Villa we have a golden sword, it can cut iron like mud. I wonder if it can cut through this. Now we can jump to the water and swim across. Hold it. Bat Prince would never set just one trap to catch the famous heroes Chu Liu Hsiang and Yi Tien Hung. I've heard of a type of acid that can dissolve anything, I think this is probably an acid pool. It really is acid. How can we get to the exit? There's a fire over there. Maybe we could climb up, but Miss Jin couldn't make it. It seems there's only one way out, to climb up the wire meant for food. This wire can hold food, can it hold a person's weight? I have rainbow-colored silk, it's the toughest fibre in the world. I'll tie it to this sword, then throw it to the other side. Then we can use it to cross. This rainbow-colored silk thread, was it the treasure used by Master Tianyi at the Huashan Conference? How did you know? I also know that this silk is now in the hands of the Royal Guard. You don't seem to be Gou Zhichang, you're Ou Zhanchang, the Royal Guard's top fighter. How do you know all this? Because I was paid to kill a royal guard, and told that I would recognise him because he carries rainbow silk on him. Are you really someone who would do anything for money? I was in the past, I will be in future. But maybe not today. But remember... one day I will come for you. - Is that enough? - It should be. Is this rope really that strong? It's strong enough. I'm just afraid that the knife can't stay in place. Chu Liu Hsiang, if I fall... you'll have to think of another way. Let me go first, Hero Ou. No, this is my rope. You can come up now. Brother Li, sister-in-law, please. Wuming. Miss Jin, please. No, I'm scared... This rope is so thin... It's hard to balance with a person on your back. Let me help. Sister-in-law, check if there's anyone outside. Hold on tight, give him your hand. Catch her, Tien Hung. Got it. Be careful, don't be afraid. Don't be afraid, take it slowly. Maybe not today, but remember, one day I will come for you. Alright, we're across. Retrieve the rainbow silk. Let's go outside. Quickly, where are the prisoners held? - This is the death row? - Yes. Let's go. Why is no one here? Could the guard have tricked us? No, my father designed houses based on the patterns of the Eight Trigrams, reflecting the life and death meridians. If I'm right there will be more traps inside. This is the Gate of Life Father? Where are you? Lingzhi. Father. Reporting to Lord Dong. Something seems to have happened in the prison cell. Is the security gate closed? It closed automatically. Then there's no problem. - We'll sort it out after the auction finishes. - Yes. Hurry... Don't run... you must move carefully. There's a bottomless abyss down there. How can we get out of here? Look, that cave over there is the way out. It leads to the coast. Go ahead and escape. Take it slow and be careful. Let's go too, my child. Hold on, old man. Can you tell me how to get to Bat Palace? - Why do you want to go there? - I want to capture the Bat Prince. And I promised to buy medicine for a benefactor. No one has ever caught me before, I want to see who has the ability to catch me. What about you guys? We have a rule at Yongcui Mountain. As long as they are friends, if they are in danger, we stick together. The road is dangerous. Why? When I first came to Bat Island I explored the entire island. These caves are the most dangerous, they either contain bottomless pits or they're filled with black oil. See those flames, it's the black oil burning. To get to Bat Palace, we must pass through these caves. Who knows... we could all be killed, before we ever reach Bat Palace. Okay, tell me how to get there, I'll go alone. No, let's go together. Well, you guys saved my life... I'll go with you. Follow me. I can't believe it's all burning. What is this stuff? The island has vast pools of oil beneath it, when it comes to the surface it catches fire. When will the fire go out? As long as the oil keeps flowing it will burn forever. Is there any other way? No, I designed these caves myself. You see that red stone? I put it there as a guide. It marks the only way to reach Bat Temple. Remove the red stone and climb over. - How can we jump cross such a wide fire? - There's no room to stand on either side. Even if there was it wouldn't help, the fire is strong and the rock must be very hot. I have to get across, old man. There's only one way to get across. Someone has to go down and block the hole the oil is flowing out from. But who will go? The Bat Prince is a menace to the martial arts world. I am responsible for this problem, I should be the one to fix it. But if I die, no one else can lead the way. Lingzhi has no martial arts, even if we sacrifice her she won't be able to stop the oil flowing. So I can only ask you to do it. No, senior. This is something I should do. No need, he raised me. This is a matter for our family. Let me do it. Mute. Although it may not be of any use, may God bless you. What's your name? I will tell the emperor of this, your name will be honoured. The entrance is below that red stone. - Brother Mute - Lingzhi I didn't expect to reach a dead end here. Why? You see those two ice pillars? Three years ago, I made plans to blow a hole in the wall and escape. But on the day it was to happen, they caught me. Later, I told other prisoners of my plan so that they could escape. I never imagined they would fail too. Elderly master, How can we reach Bat Palace now? It's impossible, we can only turn back. What about the explosives you prepared? Thank goodness... they are still here. But we don't have a fuse. We can use our clothes to make one. It's extremely cold and humid, the fuse needs to be specially made, ordinary cloth won't work. What should we do then? There's only one way, someone has to detonate the explosives manually. Actually we need two people, because I calculated that two structural supports need to be destroyed. Look... Right under those two ice columns, the rock is weak. But only simultaneous explosions at both points can open the cave. Otherwise the escape route would be blocked permanently. But when the explosives go off, those two people who light them... Chu Liu Hsiang, can you get my daughter and over to those pillars? First, you need good martial arts to get there. Second, getting to Bat Palace is a mission we five have undertaken, The you of you have no business there. There are five sticks, two long and three short. Whoever draws the longest will light the explosives. Let me do it. You have the short one, I have the long one. You had the short one... why? I am the Emperor's servant, it is my duty to uphold justice. So one of the two that light the explosives must be me. After I die, I hope you can do something for me. Use this silk thread to tie up that bat, and bring him to the Emperor. Why me? You know I only work if I'm paid. That's precisely why I'm entrusting this task to you... To show you that besides making money, there are other things in this world that should be done . This is the last request I'll make in my life. Life really is strange. My original purpose for coming here was to kill you. That's just how the world works. The feelings between people change with circumstances. But you have to promise me. Tie up the Bat Prince with the silk. Who is the other person? Yuhan, you can't die. Let's not go to the palace. Let's go back... Wuming. Didn't we just tell these people, we at Yongcui Mountain Villa always stick together with friends? But you are the third generation of the Li family. You can't die here. This must be the Li family's fate... to end here with me. Don't come over here. This is Yongcui Mountain business. Wuming, why did you hit my acupoint? Yuhan, when you found out I had a terminal illness... didn't you say that you'd agree with me, whatever I wanted to do? Yes. Well I wish to light the explosive for you. Old senior After we blow open the cave, hit their fifth vertebrae several times, hard. Their paralysis point will be unblocked. I understand. Sister-in-law, do you have anything else to say to Big Brother? Nothing. Sister-in-law, please. Hero Ou, please. It's up to us to rid the country of traitors and protect the people. I'm going now. Follow me. Brother Li. It's Master Xinghu's turn next, he will bid for the secret techniques of Five Tigers Gate. - Are you ready? - We're ready. These are Chu Liu Hsiang's weapons. I heard there's been trouble in the cells. Be careful and keep a close guard. When you leave, remember to blow out your lanterns. Got it. Let's change into their clothes and go to the main hall. Master Xinghu's hand, the heads of the Eight Provinces. Those who wish to bid for the secret skills of Five Tigers Gate, please prepare your gold. Tian Zhi Hou. Who are you? Li Yuhan of Yongcui Villa. Yi Tien-Hung of the Central Plains. Chu Liu Hsiang, beggar clan leader. We're here for the Prince of Bats. Those who are not involved, please leave. How did you manage to escape? It's because the Master of Bat Island's luck has come to an end. Stop. Do you have the ability to fight against these three famous heroes? There are still two guests who haven't left, I'd like to know who they are. Master Kumei. Who are you? I am Wu Hua's younger brother. A rootless monk from Japan. I was the one who bought your head last year. Chu Liu Hsiang truly lives up to his reputation. We'll meet again. Now it's time for me to take care of some personal matters. Master Kumei Didn't you die on the boat? No, but I discovered that someone hired assassins to kill me. So I faked my death. Suiyun, do you know who wants to kill me? Suiyun. How did you know it's me? How could I not know? I'm your mother, and you're my son. What? Twenty years ago, I took your brother and left your father. Later, I entrusted your brother to the two elders of Dongshan. I retired to Huashan, thinking I could avoid worldly matters. Twenty years later, I heard rumours of a Bat Prince causing trouble, and your brother wrote to say that this Bat Prince might be you. I asked your brother to gather a group of heroes at Siming Mountain Villa we were to make plans to deal with you, but they were ambushed. Your brother's mind was damaged. Then I was attacked on your boat when I came down from the mountain. Suiyun, did you do these things? Mom. How can you say that? I am your son. How could I harm you or my brother? - Mom, are you okay? - I'm fine. Hand this animal to me. Beast, do you have anything else to say? You not only insulted Wuzheng Villa, you insulted the Yan family name. Brother, listen to me. Brother, I... Shut up. Go talk to mom. Don't move. Why? Why did the two of you have to meddle in my affairs? I was separated from you for 20 years. You were never a mother to me. I don't even know you. I'm sure you're dying to know Why did I become the Bat Prince? It's because my family's reputation is so good. No matter how great my martial arts skill, I am still seen as a scion of Wuzheng Villa. As my father's son. Who knows that I, Yan Suiyun, have skills far superior to my father. Only by doing something that you would never do will you take notice of me, when there is a blind man whose skill is greater than yours. Only then, can I avenge the injustices done to me. And have my revenge! Has God been unfair to you? Why was I born a bastard? Why can you see what I can't? Who are you? How dare you grab my sword? If I'm going to die, it won't be from a wound like this. Children, turn out the lights and leave. Activate the traps. Have you heard the saying... In a place without light, the blind have the most powerful martial arts. Because you can't see me move, but I can hear where you are. You can't see a thing, can you? But there's one thing you can easily find, the road to the underworld, the gate of ghosts. Lord Yan You're probably regretting now, why did you have to meddle in this? Alright, no more jokes. From now on, I'll kill you all one by one. Let me think... who should I kill first? Should it be Chu Liu Hsiang, who meddles in everything? Hey, Prince of Bats... why don't you try to kill me first? Are you afraid of my reputation? What? I afraid of you? Alright, Chu Liu Hsiang can live a moment longer. I'll kill the famous Yi Tien Hung first. These attacks are quite lethal. So? Did Yi Tien Hung die? How could I die? I just injured an arm. I'm going to kill you, Mr. Bat. One arm is all I need. Really? Too bad you don't know where I am. Your martial arts are useless now. You can only wait to die. How is it? Hard to strike when you can't see me? Let me give you some advice. Next time we fight, bring more candle wax. Too bad you won't have chance to use it! Strange... Can they see my moves? Did they hear the sound of the pearls on my body? So this is the treasure everyone is talking about. The Pearl of the South Sea is indeed in your hands. Too bad there's only one. You can't trick me again. Your next battle will take place at the Gates of Hell! - Brother Li... - Master Hsiang... If you have the chance, please take my body back to the ice cave so I can be with Wuming forever. This is the ultimate move of the Black Magic Cult. Killing you with your own sword. Follow me and I'll take your weapons, and kill you all with them. Master Yan. Suifeng, how are you? Chiu Liu Hsiang is the only one left now. Suiyun... Suiyun... What is he doing? He promised a deceased friend that come what may, He will tie up the Bat Prince... and deliver him to the Emperor.