Boom boom! CROWD: Out go the lights! So I did a benefit a number of months ago, rock against mountain climbers. I do this club in Soho, right? Soho's done for making love what Russia's done for socialism, you know? "Vanessa, unless a person from the theatre "introduces us, I shall never be free" Ladies and gentlemen, my tribute to Lenny Bruce. It goes something like this. Well, the way I do it, it goes exactly like this. (BLUESY MUSIC PLAYING) # No kiddin' # I'm ready to fight # I've been looking for my baby all right # If I get her in my sight # Boom, boom CROWD: # Out go the lights # I thought I was treating my baby fair # Now she's gettin' all in my hair # If I get her in my sight # Boom boom CROWD: # Out go the lights! # No kiddin' # I'm ready to go # If I find her, boy, don't you know # If I get her in my sight # Boom boom CROWD: # Out go the lights! # I've never been so mad before # Till I found out she ain't mine no more # If I get her in my sight # Boom boom CROWD: # Out go the lights! PAUL JONES: All right, DK, play your blues. # Boom boom CROWD: # Out go the lights! # (APPLAUSE) What a flop. All right, nobody move! Nobody move! Keep your heads down! Nobody will get shot! I've come to read the gas meter. I'd like to do a musical joke for the folks. It's a bit like being a geology student, innit, eh? Looking at old rock formations. Love you, love you. Probably wondering what this is actually. Oh, what dreadful times we live in. What with the threat of a nuclear war and all that whole baloney. In the theatre's tradition of entertaining the troops, I want to be the first SAS comic. (APPLAUSE) I think they deserve it. I think they're a great bunch of lads, you know. They're really good. All that sunbathing with frilly underwear. 'Course they don't talk much about it, you know, but don't really talk much about anything those, do they, eh? Keep it under your balaclava, your sources, Sir. No, it's one of the great things about the SAS, they're... They're a bunch of geniuses, as you know, or as we've been told. And they're extremely good at keeping a low profile. Which actually isn't all that surprising because their heads unscrew, you see. No, this is absolutely true. If you wanna get in the SAS, you gotta unscrew your head and... It's great. If ever, during your training, you need some sort of retraining because you ask silly questions like, "What am I doing here, Sarge?” "Take that man's head off. Go head, unscrew it. Unscrew it. "Unscrew that man's head.” "What am I gonna do with it, Sarge?” "Take it down to film theatre." "Where, Sarge?" "In Soho, showing them old Roy Rogers movies. "Go on, son. Go on, son." That's what they do. Cowboys and Indians movies at Soho for the SAS. "Hoo, hoo, Trigger. Yeah. "Ooh, we're gonna save Britain. Ooh, over the top". (MIMICKING TRIUMPHANT FANFARE) Who dares to laugh? Who dares to muffle a titter? Very secretive organisation. I'd like to do a little impression for you now, folks, which I think you're gonna really love. My impression of an unwashed Chinese bank robber. OK, everybody, fleas! Thank you. Love you. Thank you. Erm, hello. Hello, can you hear me? OK. OK. I'm going to do a couple of numbers off an album that I'm hoping to do... called "Despair.” Thing is, they're both pretty bad, actually. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to do the worst one first so the second one won't seem quite so bad. Yeah. OK. The first number is called "Hurt." And this number is sort of about a big depression that I had... sort of half an hour ago. I probably won't be able to remember the words. Never mind, though. OK. It's called "Hurt," and it goes like this. OK. Here we go. One, two, three, four. (PLAYING CHORD REPEATEDLY) Yeah, it goes on like this for a while. # When I'm down # You kick me further # You kick me further # Further on... down # Just makes me want to love you even more # I get so hurt # Baby, I'm so hurt # You really did hurt me # Today, day # (APPLAUSE) Right. All right. Super song that. Now what I am is Britain's first Mod two-tone poet, right? Now, I think it's about time, so I've invented meself, you know? And, you know, I'm trying to articulate all 'em thoughts as Mods have, you know, like, "Duh". And "I think I'll duff that geezer". Right. I was inspired to write this poem about people from the stars by reading this book actually called "Was Lord Lucan An Astronaut?"” Turns out he wasn't, it was some other geezer. But anyway. All right? And it's about people from the stars, right? On the stars, just people, like you and me. Especially like you, they've got pointed ears and webbed feet. Cockney humour, that is. Steve's done it, my son. Yeah. John, all right? How are you? Very nice. Don't wind me up, John, all right? Yeah. Legs do break, my son. They do break. Yeah. I get these terrible me-graines, you know. And when I come to, I get this red mist, and then when I come to, I've got blood on me hands. You're Honour... All right. Poem. All the stars in the sky Lights there to inform us If this is so Their electric bill must be (BLEEP) enormous Deep, innit, eh? Deep, yeah. Told you. All right. Yeah. All right, Dalston? Yeah, right. This next one you can join in, right? It's a kind of Mod, kind of concrete poetry... disco dance number. Right? And it's called "Ullo, John! Gotta New Motor?" All right? Yeah. Great favourite, all right? A-one, two. A-one, two, three, four. # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # He lost his bottle in Barnsley # He lost his bottle in Barnsley # Your goat's made a mess of the carpet # Your goat's made a mess of the carpet # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ever been in Concord? # Ever been in Concord? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # He's an Avon representative # He's an Avon representative # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Ullo, John! Gotta new motor? # Cortina. Yeah! Right. This is a song that we always dedicate to our leader. It's called, "We Ain't Gonna Work On Maggie's Farm No More." One, two, three... # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I get up in the morning fold my hands and pray for rain # Got a head full of ideas that are drivin' me insane # It's a shame the way she makes me # Scrub the floor # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more # I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more # He hands you a nickel he hands you a dime # He asks you with a grin if you're havin' a good time # Then he fines you every time you slam the door # That's why I # Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more # I ain't gonna work for no mad monk no more # He stubs his cigar out in your face Just for kicks # His bedroom window ls made out of bricks # The SPG # Stand around his door # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # She talks to all the servants about man and God and law # Everybody says she's the brains behind pa # She's 68 # But she says she's 54 # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more # -Boom boom! -CROWD: Out got the lights! Erm... (CLEARS THROAT) Boom boom. (MIMICKING JONES) Out got the lights. What is this? A thinking person's Crackerjack or something? "If I get her in my sights, "boom boom, out go the lights." He's going to smack her one. What is this, open door for wife-beaters or something? OK, right, fair enough. This drunk homosexual Pakistani squatter takes my mother-in-law to an Irish restaurant... Mind you, I have got prejudices. There are some minority groups that I loathe. Like the Metropolitan Police force. And in particular, the drug squad. You can always tell the drug squad on Portobello Road on a Saturday afternoon. They're the only people in plain clothes, you know. They're like, sort of anoraks and pressed denims, you know, and sensible boots, you know. They look like lapsed Mormons, you know. And they're like sidling up to Rastafarians, saying things like... (CLEARS THROAT) "Er, hi, man. "Where can a cat, er, score some reefers?" And they're offering 1965 prices as well. Uh, television, eh? (CHUCKLES) Greatest breakthrough in anaesthetics since chloroform, innit? I do this club in Soho. I was there one night and I was going... I was having a bad night, you know. I was thinking, you know, "Tone, look on the optimistic side, you know, like, "I mean, Lenny Bruce, "he finished his career out of his head on drugs”. (CROWD TITTERS) "Being hassled by the police, you know, and dying in a toilet. "And that said, you're starting off, you know." It was... Anyway, I finished me act and this guy come up to me, he said, "Tony, liked it, liked it a lot. "I'm from the BBC, we'd like you to do a little... "a little late night satire thing." So I said, "Yeah, go on." He said, "No, no, no, don't be cynical. Don't be cynical.” He said, "What I mean to say... I meant... "No, no, no. Please don't be cynical, you know. "I mean, if you go down badly and it's a bit wishy-washy "and you don't say what you're going to say, "you know, you can veto it. "But on the other hand, I mean, you may come across "with a lot of pungent political satire.” And I said, "Yeah, then you'll veto it. Yeah." He said, "No, you're being cynical.” Anyway, I did it, right, I'm here. Oh, dear. Hmm. I've taking up smoking. Terrible, innit? Last November, I was really trying to smoke, you know, trying and trying, couldn't get it together at all. You can't smoke in here? What are you talking about? Keith Allen's been chucking bombs about. And finally, New Year's Eve. New Year's resolution, take up smoking. Still no good. In the end, willpower. Easy. I can take it up any time I want to. (APPLAUSE) -All right. -(CROWD TITTERS) All right. My name's Rik, OK? -Rik... -(MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY) Shut up. My name's Rik, OK? And I've got a couple of... This is probably a waste of time. -(CROWD LAUGHING) -I've got... Right. Got a couple of poems here. I don't know if any of you are into poetry at all. -(CROWD LAUGHING) -Shut up! Right. Here. Well, if you're not into poetry, then you've come to the wrong place. Right. MAN: (MIMICKING) Right. Pardon? Right. Now, three angry poems. And the first poem's one of my angriest of all. And it's called "Theatre". Right. That's got 'em. "Theatre "What are you, theatre?” (MAN CHUCKLING) "Whenever I'm near-to the theatre I..." (CROWD LAUGHING) Shut up! "Whenever I'm near-to the theatre "I ask myself this question "I don't know "Perhaps I should ask Vanessa Redgrave "But I don't know Vanessa Redgrave "And neither do you, theatre” Now we're talking. (CROWD LAUGHING) "Theatre, why are you 'theatre'? "Er? Hmm? "Whenever I meet-a friend in the theatre I--" -Shut up! -(CROWD LAUGHING) "I ask him this question with my eyes "He sighs and he replies, "like all the other guys 'I don't know' "Ask Vanessa Redgrave' "But I don't know Vanessa Redgrave "And neither do you, theatre” (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) (CROWD LAUGHING) "Theatre, are you 'theatre'?” Huh. Total. "Whenever I carry my spear-to the theatre "To do Hamlet... "I ask it this question "It says nothing... "Except, I don't know. Ask Vanessa Redgrave' "But I don't know Vanessa Redgrave "And neither do you, theatre "Or do you?" (CROWD LAUGHING) (APPLAUSE) Don't clap. It's only but wittical. Right. I've just got time for one more. Right. This is an angry love poem that I've written, and it's called "Vanessa". (CROWD LAUGHING) Shut up! Vanessa. I don't see anything funny about that. -Right. -(CROWD TITTERING) Do you want to come down here and read a poem? (CROWD LAUGHING) Yeah? "Do I love you, Vanessa? Vanessa! Vanessa/ "Vanessa, do you love me? "Vanessa, you've made a mess of my life, Vanessa..." -(CROWD LAUGHING) -Shut up! "Where do I find the key? "Whenever I see the tulips, the tulips, the tulips "I think of your two lips Your two lip, your two lips. "Except that they are not yellow "But at least they are two lips Not three” -(CROWD GROANS) -Shut up! Who needs you? "Vanessa, I shall go to my grave with a bleeding heart "But at least there will be a red grave -(CROWD LAUGHING) -Shut up! "Or will it?" (CROWD CLAPPING) Shut up. Right. Hope you learned something. I hope you had an absolutely joyous time. And perhaps we can see you at the bar afterwards with your free bubble bath. Absolutely marvellous up in the BBC bar, I think you'll have a terrific time. All up there with the sun tans, moustache and silly ideas. No, no. Settle down, settle down. Before we go any further, I'd like now to take this opportunity to do a tiny little slice of the acts for all those grovelling, cretinous moronic comics out there in noddy land. Where's the camera? Oh, they're in noddy land, desperately wishing they were up here. This is for you, boo boo. That was the sound of me earning ten quid. Boom boom! CROWD: Out go the lights! Right. Here's a song of Dave Kelly's that he's gonna sing. It's a love song. It's quite an angry love song. (CROWD LAUGHING) Thank you, Rik. And it's called "Going Home". # Up in the morning # You put me on a train # And you get me on board # I might take a plane # I'm going home # Oh, yeah, going home # When I go to talk to my baby # Won't be on no telephone # It seems like a month since I kissed her bye-bye # Thinking about my baby # Hang my head and cry # I'm going home # Oh, yeah, going home # When I go to talk to my baby # Won't be on no telephone # I've got my suitcase packed # The sky coming on to rain # I don't care which way the weather falls # I got to get back to see my baby again # I'm going home # Oh, yeah, going home # Going home # Said, baby, I'm coming on home to you # When I go to talk to my baby # Won't be on no telephone Take it home now, Paul! # I've got that suitcase packed # And the sky coming on to rain # I don't care which way the weather falls # I got to get back to see my baby again # I'm going home # Oh, yeah, going home # Going home # Said, baby, I'm coming on home to you # When I go to talk to my baby # Won't be on no telephone # I'm gonna talk to my baby # Won't be on no telephone # Yeah, yeah (VOCALIZING) # Hey, hey, hey, babe, I'm coming home # ("GOING HOME" PLAYING) JONES: Boom boom! AUDIENCE: Out go the lights!