(dramatic music) (dramatic music continues) (dramatic music continues) (fingers tapping) - [Dysha] We go through life trying to avoid bad things so we can only experience the good. What is good, though? We all want the good guy to sweep us off our feet and ride off into the sunset, right? But what we really want is a bad boy and to be the only one who finds the good in him. What I came to find out is everything is both. Good is bad, and sometimes bad is good. Everything is both. (engine revving) (dramatic music) ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ I am on my best behavior ♪ (upbeat music) (horn honking) (dramatic music) (hand knocking) (phone ringing) (cash thudding) (cash rustling) (dramatic music continues) (phone ringing) - [Man] Yo, hello. Man, who this playing on the fucking phone, man? State your name. - [Scar] Lower your motherfucking tone. This is Scar. - [Man] Oh, oh, shit, my bad, big homie. Caller ID said unknown, sorry. - [Scar] I don't need you to be sorry. I need you to be careful, motherfucker. - [Man] I got you. - [Scar] So it seems as if we have a runner. He's been off the grid for about 24 hours. I'm gonna need you to go get that back. Do you understand? (door clattering) - [Man] Understood. - [Scar] Well? - Well, what, big homie? - [Scar] Well, why do I still hear you fucking breathing on this phone? (door clattering) I want my property, and I want him, and I want the girl. (packet thudding) ♪ Ooh ♪ - [Scar] Do you hear me? I want them both. ♪ It's murder on my mind ♪ - Them both. ♪ Murder on my mind, yeah ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ (notification chiming) ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ (notifications chiming) ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ (engine humming) ♪ Ooh ♪ (siren wailing) (dramatic music) (air whooshing) (bed creaking) (Dysha sighs) (lighter clicking) (dramatic music continues) (lighter clicking) - [Dysha] Damn, that shit crazy. - Yo. - [Dysha] Fuck. - Hey, lemme see that, man. - I can't believe all of this is ours. Baby, we paid. (bed creaking) - Paid in full, baby. - Hey, so ready to lead this dark-ass city. Shit, we ain't never coming back here. - Shit, it look like we got about 80,000 reasons to be up out this bitch forever. - Damn, that's a lot of money. - Yeah, that's a nice little bag. But the real payday, (zip drive clanking) real payday gonna come from this. (zip drive clanking) - The fuck is this, a zip drive? What, we about to write a motherfucking book or something? Oh, we just gonna be like Ashley and JaQuavis now. - Nah, I'm serious. That shit is worth at least a million dollars on the streets. - For real? - Yeah, that's the blueprint of all of them sticks I've been selling for Scar. That's the source to make all of them shits, Dracos, AR-15s, nines. - Wait, wait, wait. You telling me this little-ass zip drive is worth a million dollars just for some instructions? - Nah, see. (suspenseful music) Scar got a smooth operation going on. This nigga got the gun game on lock, untraceable guns, no serial number. Got these little niggas out here acting like they got extra lives or something. This gun shit on the news right now, homie been flooding the streets for years. They're fast and light as hell. (laughing) Check it out. He high tech with this shit. It's a app that take orders like Pizza Hut, man. He had them sticks at your door within two days or less, listing guns under nasty shit that these motherfuckers ain't never gonna eat, (laughing) like liver and tomatoes or something. But if you know, you know. (machine beeping) You get that box delivered to your doorstep, open up that motherfucking box. Voila, broke-down gun, huh? Now, put it together. (gun clanking) Take care of your business, young dawg, no trace, no case. Dig this. These guns now were plastic, and he would 3D-print that motherfucker. He got the blueprint, so he got the source. (bell ringing) That's what's in the zip drive, young dawg. It's the blueprint to the game. - Oh, shit, what if he come looking for us? You not scared? - Yeah, fuck that nigga. I stopped looking for monsters under the bed when I realized they was in me. Plus, we gonna be long gone before he find out. (bag rustling) - You're right, six more hours, and we gonna be riding first class on our way to Cali. (laughs) - Yeah. About that, though. - What? - I ordered us bus tickets instead of a flight. - What the fuck? Bus tickets, Tre, really? - Yo, listen. Once he find out I ran off on that, that bag, he gonna have that airport crawling with goons. We playing chess, not checkers. You gotta trust me, baby. - All right. You right, you right. I'm just, I'm ready to just leave and start over. We did it. (laughs) (bed creaking) You don't feel bad for robbing your plug and all? - Nah, there's a difference between doing wrong and being wrong. - Yeah. Tre, what's wrong? Tre, what's wrong? (gunshots blasting) (dramatic music) (beep tone blaring) (Dysha gasping) Tre, Tre. (feet thudding) (Dysha gasping) (dramatic music) (footsteps plodding) (dramatic music continues) (lighter clicking) (dramatic music) - [Gangster] Tear this bitch up. (Dysha gasping) (engine revving) (Dysha gasping) (gear stick clattering) (dramatic music continues) (hand thudding) - Fuck. (hand thudding) Fuck, fuck. (papers thudding) (lamp shade clanging) (Rock groaning) - Family. (sofa thudding) (frame thudding) (object clattering) It ain't in here. No, we checked everything. You know what? Don't trip. We got her. Let's go. (phone clanking) (Dysha gasping) (hands thudding) (hand knocking) (dramatic music) (Dysha gasping) (air whooshing) (Cam inhaling and exhaling) (door clattering) (dramatic music) (ticket rasping) - Hi, uh, I have a ticket. I, I just left it at home, but I really need to get on that bus. - I'm sorry, I can't do that, ma'am. The trip is sold out. I can't sell anymore tickets. - No, no, please, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm begging you. I'm supposed to be on that bus. - I'm sorry, I can't. - Fuck. Okay, look, I'm gonna go to that bathroom over there, and I'm gonna leave this under the toilet. Please, I'm begging you, please. (sign clanging) (dramatic music) (body thudding) - Damn, bitch, watch where the fuck you going. The fuck wrong with you? (hand thudding) - Let's go. (dramatic music continues) (dramatic music continues) (feet shuffling) (dramatic music continues) - What the fuck? (Dysha whimpering) - Shh, please, please help. - You gotta get the fuck outta my car. - No, no, no, no, no. There's some men trying to get me. - What that got to do with me? - They're trying to kill me (sobbing). (dramatic music) (Dysha whimpering) Please (gasping). (door clattering) (dramatic music) (Rock exhaling) (dramatic music continues) (engine revving) - Hey, look. Coast is clear. And I'm 'bout to leave you right here. Whatever you into, you need to be careful 'cause niggas ain't playing out here. And I'm assuming that bag you have is somebody's property other than yours, so I'm gonna say it again. Be careful. - What am I supposed to do? They gonna find me. (dramatic music continues) - I don't know. Call somebody. - Call who? I left my phone, and it wouldn't do any good anyways 'cause I don't know nobody. Shit, the only person I knew, he, Tre, what's wrong? Tre, what's wrong? (gunshots blasting) (dramatic music continues) He's dead. He fucking dead. (dramatic music continues) - I'm sure you got somebody you could call. - I don't have nobody to call, okay? I'm a trick, okay? I sell pussy, so I don't got nobody to call. All right, look. I came here with my boyfriend a few weeks back. He was all I had. - Well, he wasn't much of a boyfriend. - What makes you think that? - That bruise on your face. - Just part of the game, playboy. - Part of the game is that? Must be the part of the game I don't know nothing about. - So, where you come from? You literally saved my life. - Well, I was trying to catch a play. That's why I pulled up to the station to meet my homeboy. Then, you happened, so. - Appreciate it. - It's all good. (Cam sighs) - How much you miss out on? - Why, you gonna give it back to me? A nine piece. - Quarter brick? - Mm-hmm. - Then, you were going back home after- - You ask a lot of questions. Actually, I was gonna meet some family in Memphis, but that was my spending money I just pulled out from, so you fucked that up. - All right, look. (bag thudding) I got a proposition for you, all right? - I'm smooth. I ain't buy nothing you selling, bro. - [Dysha] That ain't what I'm offering. - [Cam] Them bitches look good. How many more of them you got? - Yeah, I knew that'd get your attention. (cash rustling) I knew you was a hustler. - I'm listening. - All right, so I need some protection. I figure I could tag along with you and go down south so I could get away from these niggas that's chasing me. (Cam laughs) - Just drive you down south? - Yeah, I mean, I need some protection. It's, it's this nigga named Scar, okay? He got spots down the entire fucking interstate. He got goons and shit, some shit about liver and tomatoes. This nigga's crazy. - Okay, okay, okay, okay. This shit on the floor like that? He gonna kill you? - [Dysha] I need some protection. - Like a bodyguard? - Yeah, yeah, like a bodyguard. - Well, I ain't no bodyguard type, woman. - But you a hustler, though, right? I mean, that is why you got that quarter brick in the trunk, am I right? - So, what's in it for me? - Half of that. - How much is half of that? - It's an 80 rack, so 40 a piece. I'll split it with you if you ensure my arrival in Florida. I could take it from there. - Or, I could take it from you right now. - But you won't. You ain't like them. You a good one. You a hustler. - So, you a good one? - I'm bad. But that Bible on the dash says a lot about you. - You know what my mama used to say? No matter what you do, good or bad, take God with you. - She's a smart lady. - Yeah, she was. She was special. She passed when I was young, though, so. - Sorry. - So, half of this is mine if I just drive you down south? - Exactly. (suspenseful music) We got a deal? (Cam laughs) (train humming) (saw buzzing) (dramatic music) (guns clanking) (dramatic music continues) (gun thudding) (box rustling) (rollers clattering) (gun thudding) (rollers clattering) (dramatic music continues) (lighter clicking) (lighter clanking) - Where's my bag? I want you to find both of they asses. I don't even care if you have to torture 'em. You bring me my money, and you'll bring me my goddamn zip drive. Then, I want you to leave both of they asses smelling like a fucking sewer. (phone clanking) (dramatic music) (engines humming) - We cruised through the night, felt funny riding with a stranger, but fuck it. I had to do what I had to do to make it out the city safe. He told me his name was Cam. I like that name 'cause it fit him. Dawg didn't say too much and seemed cold, but to be honest, that's what made me comfortable. (dramatic music continues) I felt protected. I felt guarded. (gear stick clanking) (Dysha sighs) This it? This where we staying? - You said homie run all the highways. I had to find something tucked off. Unless you got a better idea. It's just for a night, though. (Dysha sighs) Come on, let's go. (doors clattering) (engines humming) Yo. (bell ringing) We need a room, playboy. (hand thudding) (bell rasping) (receptionist sighing) (phone clanking) - For an hour or a night? - For a night, man. (cash rustling) Look at this nigga, you know? (drawer clattering) (keycard thudding) - Your room will be on the second floor. If you parked by the steps to the far right, it's the second door on the left. - So, I don't get no change or nothing? (phone clanking) (drawer clattering) (hand thudding) (cash rustling) (drawer clattering) (scoffs) Fuck. (door squeaking) (gun clanking) (gun thudding) Shit fucking nasty. Look, I just need somewhere to shut my eyes for a few hours, and then we back on the road. - All right. I'm gonna go ahead and take a shower and probably check out the pool. - All right. (static hissing) - Good evening. This is John Cole reporting for ABC 12 Nightly News. Our leading story tonight is about these, what you see on the screen. What looks to be a regular gun actually isn't that at all. These deadly weapons are called ghost... ... a threat to society. All you have to do is order the individual parts ... that could plague the country for... - Hey, girl. So, I just wanted to see if you needed a towel or whatever. - Yeah, I could use one. - Here. - Thanks. - You're welcome. - I'm gonna be cleaning. Um, just let me know if you need anything, all right? - All right, thanks. - [Maid] All right. (feet shuffling) (water sloshing) (gentle music) (birds chirping) (gentle music continues) (hand smacking) (hand knocking) - It's just the maid. (bedding rustling) (door squeaking) - Hey, girl. I was just checking on you before my shift ended, see if you need anything. - No, yeah, we good. - I ain't seen you around here before. You not from here, huh? - No, we just passing through. You have a nice night. - Wait, wait, wait, wait. Are you sure you don't need anything, nothing at all? - [Dysha] No, we good. - We? Baby girl, you don't gotta do this. Go on ahead and cut that middle man out. This your pussy, not his. - Excuse me? - I'm just saying I hate pimps, and you should, too. I can take you down to the Hi-Ho if, if you 'bout it. It's right up the street. It ain't too far from here. Can make your own bag. Don't even gotta worry about it. (Dysha scoffs) - Bitch, get the fuck on. - [Maid] Oh. (door slamming) (bag thudding) (zipper whizzing) (items clattering) - [Dysha] Oh, shit. - You should wash your fucking hands out there. - [Narrator] Come on down to Cuevos, best steaks in town only 19.99. - Those steak look good as fuck. (Cam laughs) I'm starving. You hungry? - Fucking right. They gotta spot up the street. It's walking distance. - Oh, and take this with us, huh? - I mean, I could go and bring us something back. (Dysha scoffs) What, you don't trust me to go out by myself? - No, nigga. - Well, fuck, you go. - No, we go. (compact clanking) (Cam sighs) (dramatic music) (engines humming) (air whooshing) You know you don't have to wait for me to order, right? - I didn't wait on you. - What you mean you didn't wait on me? - Did you wanna order something else, ma'am? - [Cam] I ordered for you already. - What'd you order? - Steak dinner with broccoli and home fries? - Mm-hmm. - You want salad? - Hell, no, I don't want no salad. Well, since the food is covered, can I get a Coke with light ice please? - Sure can. - Thank you. (mellow blues music) That was probably the best steak I ever had. - Clearly. - Well, we see your plate looking awfully cleaner than mine over there, so. - Touche. - [Server] It looks like y'all enjoyed the meal. - Mm-hmm. - Yes. - Did y'all save room for dessert? I promise the pecan pie here is so good. It'll change your life forever. - I'm good on that. Can I get some more water though? - Sure can. - Do y'all have vanilla ice cream? - We sure do. - That's what I'm talking about. Can I get a piece of pie and a vanilla ice cream? - You got it. - Thank you. And gimme a few dollars. - Gimme? - Can I please have a few dollars if it's not too much trouble? - You needy as hell. - Nah, come on. (cash rustling) - A few. - Ciao. (cash rustling) All right, look, I need to talk to you about something. - That's why you added the music, for a dramatic effect? - Yeah, whatever. - I'm listening. - You ever heard of ghost guns? - Ghost guns? - Yeah, ghost guns, have you ever heard of it? - I mean, a little bit. This cat that I used to run with or whatever, he dabbled with it a little bit. What about 'em? - All right, look, I feel like I trust you. I do. I ain't been completely honest with you. I have something other than a bag. - So, what other money, and how much is it? (mellow music) - I don't know how much it's worth, but I know it could set us up for life. - Hmm. You don't say. - It literally has all the blueprints to everything we need to know about the ghost guns. I figured we could flip it. So, you down, Mr. Hustler? (zip drive clattering) - [Cam] Absolutely. - All right. (liquid sloshing) ♪ Spend all my money on pretty things ♪ ♪ Diamonte shoes and all these diamond rings ♪ - Auntie, where you at? - I'm at the spot. - I'm coming to you right now. - Nigga, you know where I'm at. Come on. ♪ Don't trip too ♪ - You ain't gonna believe this shit. - All right. - Okay, look, I'm on my way. Yeah, right now. (stool clattering) - What's up? - What you mean what's up? What's up? - You ain't got nothing to say? - What do you want me to say? - Boy, stop playing. What happened? - Didn't I tell you I was gonna take care of it for you, for us? - But you just came in here, and you ain't even say nothing. - Haven't I handled my business with everything I told you I was gonna do up to this point? - Yeah, all I'm saying is you just came in here and ain't even say nothing. - Okay. I talked to my auntie. - Mm-hmm. - And she waiting on us. That's all you need to know right now. - All right. - You good? - I'm good. - Good. (hands thudding) - You want some pie? (dish clinking) - No, I'm good, but how you gonna wait till you almost finished to offer me some? You country as hell. (glasses thudding) What's going on, bro? - Uh, your girlfriend has a pretty good taste in music. - Oh, (laughing) that's not my boyfriend. - Yeah, I'm her bodyguard. - Well, two shots on the house anyway. - I appreciate it, OG, but I don't really drink, so. - Shit, I do. - I just love a lady who's comfortable in her own skin, and I'll drink to that. There it is. (glasses clinking) - Mm. - Whoo. That shit's strong. (owner exhaling) - [Owner] Whoo. - How long you been owning the place? - It's been in my family for 52 years. I'm the fourth generation to run it. - Oh, that's what's up. - So, let me ask you a question, well, shit, two. What's that big building next door? And what in the hell do y'all put on the steak? (owner laughing) - Now, you know, I can't tell you what I put on my meat. That's a secret, and if I tell you, my wife, she'll kill both of us. - Oh. (laughs) - And to answer your other question, it's better that I show you instead of telling you. (gentle music) (door squeaking and clattering) Man, it's some deep, deep history up in this place. Enough of that small talk. Y'all ready to have some real fun? (key jangling) ♪ I always do all these things for you ♪ ♪ But you can't ever even seem to do ♪ ♪ The simple things that make me feel ♪ ♪ Like I'm wanted or needed ♪ ♪ Can I get some reciprocity ♪ ♪ What I do for you ♪ ♪ Can you do it back to me ♪ ♪ Can you make me feel like I'm your everything ♪ ♪ Can't you say what you mean ♪ ♪ Can you mean what you say ♪ ♪ Communication is key ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ I don't wanna play with you ♪ ♪ This is not a game for two ♪ ♪ You can't have your cake ♪ - Well, I ain't had that much fun in forever. (Cam sucking teeth) - You ain't lying. (Dysha laughs) You ain't lying. - Hey, I remember when I was, like, eight or nine, my mama couldn't afford a cake and shit, so she bought me, like, me and my cousins Twinkies with little, like, little candles in 'em. We blew out our candles and sang "Happy Birthday." Then, after we ate our candles, she took us to a roller rink kinda like that one. One of her boyfriends worked behind the counter, so, shit, we got in for free. No, I remember this fucking skate cop. I shit you not, every time somebody was, like, going too fast or fell, this nigga come outta nowhere blowing his whistle (laughing) loud as fuck all in they face, just embarrassing the hell outta 'em. I told my mama I was gonna be the best damn skater ever 'cause the skate cop was not gonna come blowing that shit in my face, making me look all stupid. Why you always so quiet? - I'm not quiet, love. I just speak when I have something important to say. - That's your answer? Gotta loosen up on me and smile other than you being a smart-ass. - I smile. - Do you? - Often, actually, I just need a reason. - Whatever. - Mm-hmm. (keycard clattering) - Hey, this key ain't working. - What you mean? Let me see. - Is this the right key, or did you- - Sometimes you gotta pull that little thing there. (keycard clattering) - [Dysha] See, I told you it's not working. What are you... (keycard clattering) - What the fuck? (door clattering) Let's go ask the nice man. - Yes. Oh, no. (receptionist laughs) At least three times. Oh, yeah. May I help you? (sighs) - Yeah, you can. Our key, it isn't working. Why? - I'll call you back. (phone clanking) You don't know? - Motherfucker, if we knew, you think we'd be asking you? - Girl. Slow down, slow down, slow down. Take a deep breath real quick. I'm sorry about that. Her hostility, yeah, you know, she's, she's working on it, but she, she don't really like surprises, and to be honest, neither do I. (Dysha sighs) So, let's just start over. You wanna start over? Our key isn't working. Why? - All I know is she said you needed to switch rooms and- - Give us a key that works. - Okay, okay. (drawer clattering) - Hurry the fuck up. - She moved you downstairs. (door clattering) - Shit. (bedding rustling) (footsteps plodding) (bag rustling) Fuck. (door clattering) (Dysha gasping) Cam, it's gone. - What? - Cam, the fucking bag is gone. - I swear to God, I didn't touch anything, I swear. I, I just did what she told me. All she said was something was wrong with your room, and you needed a new one. - Got it. And who is she exactly? - It was that maid. It was that wretched, nosy-ass maid. - She right? - Yes, that's the one who did, but she's not here right now. Her shift ended a couple of hours ago. I- - Mm-hmm. - Hey, (exhales) I promise I don't know. - Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey. - I promise. I don't know. - Chill out with all that. Be quiet. I don't wanna hurt you. I'm a peaceful guy, but my belongings are missing, and I want them back. - Okay, okay. - So, you help me, and I'm gonna help you. - [Receptionist] Yeah. - So, think back real quick. Is there anything you can think of to help us find this maid? - Well, uh, I remember some of the staff. They, they talk about this club that they meet up at sometimes after work. I think a few of them work there, but I, I can't remember the name. - Hi-Ho, that's where that bitch at. - Yes, that's, that's the name. - Mm, okay. (receptionist gasping) - Okay. - Okay, so here's what's gonna happen. We're gonna go back to the room. We're gonna get the rest of our belongings, and we're gonna go. But you never saw us. - No. - And we never had this conversation. Am I clear? You a man of your word? 'Cause I'm a man of my word. And if you violate this little agreement, this little pact you and I just made, I give you my word that I'm gonna come back to see you. You understand? I need you to say you understand. - Yes, yes, I understand. It's no problem. - Okay. Come on. (door clattering) (receptionist whimpering and gasping) (door slamming) (engine humming) (suspenseful music) (door slamming) (footsteps plodding) - All right, so what the fuck is the plan? - You gotta calm the fuck down first. - Well, I'm pissed the fuck off. This bitch done took our motherfucking money, and you want me to be cool? - Yes. Because if you walk up there looking like you chased the here because she fucking your baby daddy, you ain't gonna make it past security. - All right, so what's the plan? - All you gotta do is go in there and look around, make sure the bitch is even in there. If you see her, make sure she see you. That's it. I'm gonna handle the rest. - Shit don't sound like much of a plan if you ask me. - Mm-hmm. What's your plan? - All right. All right, fuck it. (footsteps plodding) (upbeat music) - You in. Damn, you fine and thick as a pot of cold bricks. You must be here to audition for one of those dancers, huh? - Aw, that's cute, but, no, I'm not here to audition. Uh, are you? (bouncer laughs) - Girl, get the hell on out my face and get in there before you get me in trouble. Don't get me and this ragged security search your home. What's up man? (air whooshing) (upbeat music) ♪ Body free but trapped in my nightmare ♪ ♪ Somebody wake me up ♪ ♪ Somebody wake me up ♪ ♪ Wake me up ♪ ♪ Body's free but trapped in my night ♪ (upbeat music continues) ♪ Stop that ♪ - I'm finna go to the bathroom. Y'all keep turning up, watch this money. ♪ Stop that ♪ - Okay, so look over there, but don't it obvious. There's a girl that's coming up, so I'm gonna give you this money, and if she tails hard, distract her and get her the fuck outta my way. - All right. - All right, take this shit. - All right, babe. (upbeat music continues) - [Dancer] Hey, beautiful. - What? - Tonight's your lucky night. (laughs) - What the fuck is you talking about? - Somebody bought you a dance. - I said bitch move. - I said somebody bought you dance. Whatever. (footsteps plodding) (door clattering) (footsteps plodding) (keys jangling) - [Passerby] You need some help? - No, I'm okay. (dramatic music) - You sure? Look like you're running from somebody. - I just really need to get to my car. - Is that all? - Can I just go, please? - Bitch. (fist thudding) (body thudding) - Bitch, you don't even know, but you fucked up. - Bitch, where the fuck is my money? - What? - Oh, no, bitch. (hand smacking) Where the fuck is my money? I'm not playing with your ass. - Look, relax, relax, relax. (dramatic music continues) Look at me. This could be as easy or as difficult as you want it to be 'cause I can only hold her for- - [Dysha] No, well, fuck all that shit. - I... Where the fuck is my money? (dramatic music continues) - It, it's in the trunk. - See? (hand thudding) (keys jangling) (scoffs) They got a little Benz, huh? Raggedy-ass key don't even work. (trunk clattering) (bag rustling) Yeah, it's all here. - Shit. - What? - Remember the niggas that was chasing me at the bus station? They just came in the parking lot. - Go get in the car. (keys jangling) (trunk slamming) (dramatic music) - She ain't in there. She ain't outside neither. I, I checked the app. The trackers died. No, it's dead. - [Scar] That bitch cannot be that fucking smart. You sure she's not at the bar? - What you want me to do? - [Scar] I know, when y'all see assess and titties, you can't see or think straight. - It ain't even like that, Scar. We ran through the whole motherfucker. Bob ran through the bathroom, through the kitchen, everything. - [Scar] Okay, this shit is really pissing me off. - So, what's up? - [Scar] Just come back to the spot while I figure this shit out. - Hmm. (Rock sighs) - Hell, nigga, you look mad. What'd he say? - We just gonna slide back to the spot. - Man, fuck all that, man. Let's go back in here and get on these big-booty bitches, though. - And that's your motherfucking problem. He think we always on dumb shit 'cause you always on dumb shit. - Get the fuck out. - Get your ass in the car. Let's go. - Look, man. Fuck all that, bro. I'm finna get in here and get on these big-booty bitches. Ain't nothing wrong with no big-booty bitch, bro. - All right, cool. But when I start this motherfucker, if your ass ain't in that seat, use your two motherfucking legs, nigga. (door clattering) (pensive music) - [Dysha] Damn. Scar's goons had the drop on us. Come to find out, there was a tracker in the bag the whole damn time. Scar tracked all his runners so he could follow the money, so we ditched the bag at the highway. (bag rustling) - Fuck. She must have tossed this bitch out the window. - Damn, bro. - We need to find this bitch ASAP. I just got the message from boss man, and the bounty went up. - Oh, yeah? - Mm-hmm. - Yeah. - The money is up for grabs. All he want is his zip drive. We find this bitch before the homie do because we need that motherfucking money. You feel me? - Split it three ways? - Nah, nigga, two. - Oh, I like that. - Mm-hmm. - I like that. - We find this bitch before Scar put out that APB, that bitch is a fucking meal ticket, and it's time to eat. Let's go. (footsteps plodding) (Rock exhaling) (door clattering) (car beeping) (suspenseful music) (suspenseful music continues) (feet shuffling) (fists thudding) - [Scar] Ho, ho, ho. (laughs) - What's good, boss? Just getting in a little workout in while I'm waiting for you. - I see. So, what's the status on that missing order? - Shit, nothing yet. They lost her, think the bitch tossed the bag, uh, with the tracker in it on I-75. They found it empty. - Is that right? (suspenseful music) Well, dig this. I don't like the feeling of somebody taking something from me. I mean, every boss has his losses, but to be robbed of something really fucks with a nigga. Hold the bag, nigga. (hand thudding) (chains clanging) (fists thudding) (Scar grunting) You wanna know why it's so important for me not to let somebody take something from me? (dramatic music) Huh? You see, when I was a shorty, I was timid. I mean, I was a quiet kid. However, I hustled. I sold candy, and I was good, too. I had all the kids at school trying to sell for me. And you know, by me not having any friends, just the fact that they were even talking to me made me feel good. So, I decided to let somebody from the park sell for me. (dramatic music) BoBo. (dramatic music) His name was BoBo. Gave that nigga half of my candy hoping that that would make him friendly. That nigga BoBo took off. He sold everything. And when I went to ask the man for my money, you know what he told me? He said, "Nigga, that's my shit." He said, "I took that." (dramatic music) He said it in front of everybody, and everybody laughed at me, laughed my ass right out the park. And I ran, and I ran, and I cried like a little bitch. As I ran across the tracks, (hand thudding) my foot got caught in the rail. I laid there for hours. (dramatic music continues) Finally, somebody came, but by that time, I had lost too much blood, and they had to amputate my foot. And the only thing that I could think about was that I never shoulda let somebody take a motherfucking thing from me. (fist thudding) (chains clanging) But you know, karma's a bitch, though. That nigga BoBo grew up to be a crackhead. Somebody slipped something in that nigga drink. He been fucked up ever since. (Scar whistling) (footsteps plodding) (goon gasping) Good job, BoBo. (dramatic music continues) Go find my shit, nigga. (Scar sniffs) (gentle music) (engine humming) - What you keep picking at your beard for? - My shit, beard tickle. What? That. - All right, sit there in pain. You want me to look at it? - Just look at it. - Come on. (Cam sighs) All right, look. Pull over at this gas station up here. (engines humming) Come on. Lay back. (gentle music continues) - [Cam] Ah, damn, mm. - All right. - Rough as hell. Ain't tender no more, though. - You had an ingrown, and would've fucked with you until you got it out. You good. - Look at you trying to know something. (nozzle clanging) (Dysha laughs) No shit. - Whatever. (nozzle clattering) (bell ringing) (door clattering) (gentle music continues) Hey, what the fuck is that smell? That shit stink. - I think I hit a skunk or some shit this morning. Shit got my shit smelling like a dumpster, for real. - You need to run this motherfucker through a car wash or something 'cause it stink bad. - Shut your ass up. (door clattering) Always talking shit. (door slamming) (gentle music continues) (door clattering) (footsteps plodding) (Pretty laughing) - Nephew. - What's up, auntie? - [Pretty] You remembered. - [Cam] Of course. - Man, it's so good to see you. - It's good to be seen. - [Pretty] Mm. - You look good. - Oh, I know Ain't nothing changed. (laughs) - This my friend Dysha. - Oh. Hello, Dysha. - Hi. - She good people. - Yeah, she cute, too. - [Cam] Mm-hmm. - So, uh, you sticking around for a minute, right? (Cam sighs) - Got no reason to rush out. You know I'm trying to eat. - (laughs) Oh, I know that for sure. Being here bring back a lot of memories, huh? - Hell, yeah. It's crazy 'cause it's, like, the same but different. - Yeah, I dig that. Well, listen, you, uh, go ahead get your mind together. Get settled in. You know which room is yours. - All right, thank you. (Pretty speaking faintly) All right. - Mm-hmm. So, I hear you from Flint. (water sloshing) (wistful music) - Well, baby, water's a gift from God. Now that I know you understand, (laughing) you get your butt in that water. (water sloshing) (wistful music continues) (wistful music continues) (birds chirping) (wistful music continues) - Hey, nephew. - Oh, what's up, auntie? - Sorry to disturb your moment. - It's cool. I'm just thinking. - Mm. Yeah, I bet being out here gives you a lot to think about. You miss her? (Cam exhales) - Every day. - Me, too. You know, uh, for a long time I blamed myself. I did. (dramatic music) That was my sister. It was my job to protect her. There was nothing that was supposed to happen to her unless it happened to me first. I fucked up. I made a mistake. - What you mean, what mistake? (Pretty laughs) - I made the mistake of trusting a no-good, low-down, disloyal nigga. I gotta live with that shit. I knew Rail was crazy. I did. But that was only street shit. You know how the game go. - Right, right, right. - It be like that sometimes. But when it was just us, he was different. That was my guy. I trusted that man with my life. So, of course, I thought I could trust him with hers. I encouraged it. I approved it. Not even a year later, that snake motherfucker took her from us. Found out he was stealing from me and beating on her. - And she never tell you nothing about it? - Not one word. (dramatic music continues) But to be honest, nephew, she shouldn't had to. I should've known. I had one motherfucking job, and I dropped that ball, and I'm sorry for that. I am, and I'm sorry I let her friend come and take you and your sister away. I know y'all wanted to come back home. Back then, I was, I was young, dumb. And I was straight bullshit. I wouldn't've been any good to you. But I need to know, did they do right by you? (Cam sighs) - And they taught me how to think, you know, and just pay attention to my surroundings. Shit, Candy about to graduate high school. (laughs) Damn college, she growing up so fast. I mean, we good, though. I'm good. - I'm happy to hear that. Your mama wanted that for you. Listen I, uh, I know I don't deserve it, but I hope you can forgive me. - It's already done. (Pretty laughs) - Mm. - It's already done. - My guy. (hand thudding) (Pretty exhaling) - Well, blood is blood. (Pretty laughs) (Cam laughs) - I dig that. - Oh, speaking of that. I got that thing for you. - Mm. Uh, under the bed in the room that you're sleeping in. - [Cam] Mm-hmm. - There's two black backpacks. Everything is in there. That's yours. - Some things just don't change. - Come on, now. Come on. (Cam laughs) What's my name? (Cam laughing) What's my name? I know this, though. That's a good woman you got there. - You think so? - Oh, I know so. Listen. There's two things Pretty gonna always be sure about. That's money and women. - [Cam] Mm-hmm. - And anytime you can get a woman that can make you some money and she look good while she doing it, oh, yeah, you done hit the jackpot, nephew. That's for sure. - I can dig that. (Pretty laughs) - That's something you don't ever wanna fuck up. - I can definitely dig it. (Pretty laughs) (cam laughs) (Cam clears throat) All right, shit, we right on time, you know. - All right, come on. Get some of this good liquor and good food. You know we keeps that round here. (bottle cap clanking) (mellow music) (Pretty sighs) - Yeah, I hope y'all ready to get y'all ass whooped. (Pretty laughs) (mellow music continues) - My poor nephew. You have really been gone for a long time, huh? You forgot how this go? Yeah, it's on you. (cards clicking) - We'll stay right here. - Okay, what, what, what you doing? Oh, you know what? You just sit there and watch. It's gonna happen real fast, okay? - All right, bid. - Ah, 21, baby. - Man. - Come on. - All right. - Really? - [Cam] Man. - You thought things had changed 'cause you left? Nah, I'm still me. What's my name? - Ugly. - (laughs) Yeah, you know better. You know better. So, uh, is it cool to talk? - Oh, yeah, yeah, she good money. - Oh, okay. Well, I made some phone calls, you know, trying to see what's what, get to the bottom of all of this. Scar wants your head, and he wants it bad. (mellow music continues) Oh, no, no, I know you not getting sad. Lift your head up. You just be glad that you got this man right here to protect you. You'll be just fine. - Hope so. - Hey. We don't need hope. - Mm, at your little badass. (Cam laughs) I mean, just bad for no reason. Gave my sister hell. (Cam clicks tongue) - Oh, don't do that. - Then, I'd have to come in, act like I'm mad, too, drag him to the back for nothing, just sitting there looking at him. (Cam laughs) - She used to bring me in the room and really have my mom think that she was tearing my ass up. - [Pretty] Mm, mm, mm. - And she never knew. - She never knew a thing. (laughs) Bless her soul. Hey, you remember our code? Same thing that'll make you laugh. - [Cam] Will make you cry. - My God. - 'Cause everything is both. - Mm-hmm, 'cause everything is both. Oh, you know what else they used to do? So, my sister would always threaten him, saying he gotta go to bed early, and do you know he would argue back with her? And they would be sitting there going back and forth like a, a old married couple. But he was spoiled. He was spoiled. It didn't matter. (laughs) (dramatic music) (water sloshing) (gentle music) (Dysha gasping) (lips smacking) (gentle music continues) (footsteps plodding) Oh. Good morning, nephew. - Good morning, auntie. (yawning) - Oh. Oh. Look at you. (pot clanking) Hungry and tired, huh? (Cam laughs) You should be. You put in a lot of work last night. Hmm. (cup clinking) Oh, yeah, I heard you. It's all good, though. I'm actually glad that you're up. I need to, uh, rap with you about something. Cool? - [Cam] Yeah. - All right. Uh, come with me. Something I need to show you. (footsteps plodding) (bowl thudding) (dramatic music) (tape rasping) - [Cam] Mm, mm, mm. - Oh, you know how I do, nephew. We don't stop. (Cam exhales) - These motherfuckers funky, look good as hell. - Nah, they pretty. You know, uh, I got that printout of the blueprint she gave me. You hit a fucking gold mine, nephew. - Huh? - And there's only one of these bitches out, the only one. (paper rustling) (hands rasping) I can flood the whole West Coast in no time. - [Cam] Huh. - Listen. My granddaddy taught me, when you need somebody to listen to you, you gotta touch 'em. You gotta put your hands on 'em. This drug shit, it's dead. That's the new age. That's your future. You understand me? This shit right here, completely untraceable. We put this shit together and in no time have the whole West Coast flooded. - And Scar'll never know it was us. - Never. You did real good, nephew, real good. (laughs) - I try. (Pretty laughs) (dramatic music) (cash rustling) (dramatic music continues) (notifications chiming) (cash rustling) - Okay. Say less. (footsteps plodding) (cash rustling) (notification chiming) (cash rustling) (notification chiming) Hey, big man. The bag in. - What, coke? (cash rustling) - [Gangster] Nah. (cash rustling) (upbeat music) (dice clanking) (flares hissing) (engines revving) (tires screeching) (upbeat music continues) (tires screeching) (Pretty laughing) - [Pretty] Okay. - [Cam] What's up, auntie? - Hey, hey. - [Dysha] Hey. - Y'all looking good. - Thanks to you. - [Pretty] Mm-hmm. - Thanks for letting me hold this pretty motherfucker. - I know, right? (Dysha laughs) You better take care of my baby. - [Cam] Ah, you know that. - As you can see, not much has changed. Night time come, all the toys come out. - Yeah. - On the first of every month, everybody comes out to show the hood what they got. - You know all the dope dealers 'cause they got all the ice on 'em. And the females come show they ass. The scammers, they got all the whips out. - Uh-huh. Well, welcome to the trap, my baby. - Yeah, them boys be out there getting busy. - [Pretty] That they do. Speaking of which, it's about that time. (Cam laughs) - You are crazy. - Indeed, indeed. (Cam laughs) All right. - You ready to get up outta here? - Absolutely. (dramatic music) (flame hissing) (dramatic music continues) (birds chirping) (dramatic music continues) (engine revving) (door clattering) (engine humming) (door clattering) (gentle music) (engines humming) - It was nice meeting Cam's family. Aunt Pretty was a trip. But she was cool, though. Before we left, she made her girls lace me, gave me a total makeover for the road. Before I left, she said a girl that could get money and be pretty was irreplaceable. (gentle music continues) (engine humming) (door squeaking) (hand thudding) Are you good? Cam, what's wrong? - I'm good. (laughs) Really. - Well, you know I'm here if you need me, okay? (dramatic music) Yeah. Here. (menu rustling) (Dysha sighs) (dramatic music continues) We're in Atlanta? Cam, why are we in Atlanta? (Cam breathing heavily) Cam, what? - You shoulda never got in my car. - No, please, please, Cam. (bench clattering) - I'm sorry. - No. Stop. - I'm really sorry. - Stop, I trusted you. Stop. Let me go. (dramatic music continues) Stop. No, Cam. I fucking trusted you. Cam. (dramatic music continues) Cam, Cam. (dramatic music continues) (dramatic music continues) (trunk slamming) Hey, what the fuck is that smell? That shit stink. - I think I hit a skunk or some shit this morning. Shit got my shit smelling like a dumpster, for real, though. (dramatic music continues) - It's beautiful. Bitch-ass nigga. (trunk slamming) (engine humming) (feet shuffling) (Scar laughs) My dawg. You a regular old greyhound, ain't you? - [Cam] You know well. (Scar laughing) You already know. - Tracked that bag down. - But look, about that money for the job- - [Scar] Oh, the money is yours. But about that other thing. (hand thudding) - [Cam] Indeed. (feet shuffling) - Let go of me. Let me go. - Hey Bob, Bob. That's enough. (footsteps plodding) (chair clanging) (Dysha whimpering) (lighter clicking) (Scar exhaling) (Scar whistling) (Dysha whimpering) Damn, Cam, she is fine. (Dysha breathing heavily) It's truly sad and unfortunate that we have to meet under these circumstances. But as you know, (exhales) your little boyfriend, he took something from me. Although Cam managed to get me my money back, I'm still missing something. (Dysha whimpering) Look at me. (Dysha whimpering) Look at me. I want you to think before you say anything to me. Breathe. (Dysha whimpering) Relax. And simply (exhales) tell me where the fuck- - I don't have it. - my zip drive is. - I don't have it. Pretty has- - Bitch. (hand smacking) (Dysha groaning) - Oh, shit. - Shut the fuck up. (Dysha gasping) You think I give a fuck about your motherfucking tears? (Dysha screaming) I don't think this bitch gonna talk. - There are plenty of other ways to get her to talk. (Dysha whimpering) - You right. Pull the car around back. (keys jangling) - There we go. - [Cam] Fuck this bitch. Come on. - There we go. (laughs) - [Cam] Shut, shut up. - [Dysha] Cam. - [Cam] Shut up. - [Scar] Let's go. (Dysha screaming) - [Cam] Shut the fuck up. Bitch, stop fucking trying to bite. - [Dysha] Let me go. Cam. - [Cam] Shut the fuck up. Bitch, stop trying to fucking bite me, bitch. Get in the trunk. - [Dysha] Cam. (gunshots blasting) (trunk slamming) - Ain't got time to be playing with no bitch, Scar. I've been with that bitch for three days. That bitch ain't said a fucking... Shut up. Give me the gun, yo. Hand me the gun, Cam. Now, I want you to explain to me how the fuck I'm supposed to find my zip drive now. - I'm, I'm gonna find it. - Huh? - I'm gonna find it. - You gonna find it? - I'm gonna find it. - Go find it now. (hand thudding) Go find it. (door slamming) (engine revving) (engine humming) (door clattering) (door slamming) (key jangling) - [Dysha] You, don't... I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. - [Dysha] Stop, Cam, don't hurt me. - [Cam] I'm sorry. - [Dysha] Stop. Cam. - [Cam] I'm sorry. I'm sorry. - [Dysha] (sobbing) Cam. - I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. (air whooshing) - I don't have it. Pretty has- - Bitch. (hand smacking) (Dysha groaning) Shut the fuck up. Everything is both. (Dysha screaming) I don't think this bitch gonna talk. (dramatic music) (dramatic music) ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ I know you think of my apology ♪ ♪ Murder on my mind, murder on my mind, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Just give me one more chance ♪ ♪ Won't fumble with your heart ♪ ♪ I know where I went wrong, so I know where to start ♪ ♪ And we go round and round ♪ ♪ And I know I caused you pain ♪ ♪ But through all the ups and downs ♪ ♪ Come sunshine and then the rain ♪ ♪ Got me scrambled in my head ♪ ♪ Like a pawn who play the edge ♪ ♪ And my feelings, they be rough ♪ ♪ Girl, I ain't too proud to beg for your love right away ♪ ♪ And, baby, I need your love both night and day ♪ ♪ I need your love ♪ ♪ Baby, I need ♪